Foreign. I talk about consciousness all the time. It is a word that you will hear coming out of my mouth in almost every video. But what do I mean by consciousness? So this is a really important thing to understand. The way that I use the word consciousness is probably quite different from what you are used to, because in the modern world, consciousness refers to waking awareness. So if someone is unconscious, it means that they do not have awareness of their environment or the self that's to be knocked unconscious. But from a yogic standpoint, we tend to take a different approach in defining consciousness. Consciousness is the categorization of all. It is everything. Everything is consciousness. Okay? Now, consciousness is not the same as everything. If we're trying to say. Reflect on all, everything, we say this is Shiva. It's the Shiva principle of oneness. Okay? So if you take everything that you see, including yourself, and you combine it into one thing, that's the Shiva principle. So you'll sometimes see in yogic literature that Shiva is referred to as pure consciousness. What is meant by that is this is consciousness that has not been separated out into different forms of consciousness. So everything combined together into one, that's pure consciousness. And we can call that Shiva, or we can call that the monistic point. We can call it many different things, but put simply, it's pure consciousness. Now, when you divide consciousness out into different forms, these are categories of consciousness. So we have material consciousness, we have mental consciousness, we have spiritual consciousness, we have emotional consciousness. And within yoga, we have the chakras, the seven major chakras as well as minor chakras. There are many chakras. And what chakras are, it's very simple. They're just categories of consciousness. And we can continue to divide everything out into smaller categories if we choose. We can assign names to those categories of consciousness, because after all, everything, everything we see is just different forms of consciousness. And so if I place a label on a specific form of consciousness, like, I'll say that prime materiality is the muladhara. It's the Muladhara chakra. Okay? Well, now I have a genre of consciousness, a category of consciousness. And because I have assigned a name to that category of consciousness that carries a specific meaning, it allows me to contrast that form of consciousness with other forms of consciousness. And that's how we begin to build systems for understanding how to navigate consciousness, which is just everything. And that's what tantric yoga is all about. It's about understanding, categorizing, and navigating consciousness. So my definition might be different from yours, but as a yoga guru, one of my jobs is to be able to communicate these categories of consciousness in such a way that you can understand how to utilize those categories for your own exploration. So it's helpful to have clearly defined categories of consciousness so that you can understand me and I can understand you.