# Why_I_Left_White_Nationalism...

Transcription Date: 2025-08-24T16:06:15.238Z
Duration: 0h 31m 2s

---

[Speaker A]: I'm going to talk today about the role of political ideology within a person's life. Not only that, but the effect that it has on their ability to just know themselves and know other people. I have gone through quite a few political ideologies in my life. I studied political science in college. I have a bachelor's degree in political science. And politics has been a great love of mine for a long time. I've taken deep interest in it. I've read most of the major Western political works that you'd find in university. And I did it for fun. My interest in politics drove me into some pretty dark places. Now there's a question as to whether or not I should have gone into those dark places. And I believe I should have. Because I believe the direct experience of ideas is important for some people, at least for understanding the nature of those ideas. For me, this was definitely true. So it was very important for me to explore those ideas directly. I have been a communist. I've been a capitalist, been a primitivist, a technocrat, and I've been a National Socialist, otherwise known as a Nazi. But I didn't use the word Nazi to describe myself, because that's a slur. It'd be like if I was a communist and I called myself a Commie. There's no need for me to degrade myself for exploring ideas, even if those ideas are very challenging. And you see, that's the problem with modern political culture. We no longer see the human being behind the label of communist or capitalist or national socialist. We see the dirty Commie or the greedy capitalist or the evil Nazi. That's what we see first. And it's all a matter of personal perception based upon the dogma that we hold within ourselves. I know this because I experienced this firsthand. When I was a communist, I hated Nazis. I hated capitalists even more. And when I was a capitalist, I pretty much hated everybody except for myself. When I was a National Socialist, I hated blacks, I hated Jews, I hated basically anyone who wasn't white. And see, that's the thing about applying a political label to yourself. You immediately join a group, and if you get deep enough into that group, the group identity will replace you with as an individual human being. Suddenly, the lens of your political ideology colors everything. Everything. In Tantric Buddhism, this is very similar to the concept of a pure Land. We take on an idea of the kind of world that we want to exist within as part of a process of transforming our consciousness. And then we apply that principle to everything that we see around us. Every person that we meet becomes an emanation of Buddha, a hero or a heroine in this Pure Land. And there's many forms of the Pure Land. There's the Vajraogini, pure Land, Green Tara, Pure land. But the thing about these pure Lands is they carry deep spiritual significance. And they have been refined over a process of hundreds of years of development with the goal of advancing the individualized dharma of the practitioner. In comparison with modern politics, the Tantric concept of the Pure Land allows us to explore a spiritual expression in great depth and integrate it, recognize it as a part of ourselves, and then apply it in a body mandala or as a singular focus in our spiritual growth. But that's not how politics are seen in modern culture. In modern culture, politics are prescriptive systems, and they are based upon party dogma. So, for example, you may believe that National Socialism will lead to some kind of Pure Land, some kind of perfect environment for you and the people that you care about. But this is incredibly exclusionary. It doesn't allow you to interact with other people. You start to see everyone else as just an enemy. And at that point, you've fallen into the greatest trap of the Kali Yuga. This is the age of quarrel, after all. And taking on political ideology with such dogma disallows you to see the essence of the person. It also disallows you to see the potentiality for change within yourself. Because most people, when they take on a political ideology they stick with, becomes like a religion. They can't let it go because it is connected to their ego. They express their will to power through the party or through a specific politician who represents the hero form the Buddha in their world. I'm not saying that you can't take things from political figures, important things, or political ideologies. I have. For example, I was deeply inspired by the art of National Socialism. I thought the use of the swastika black sun was beautiful. But my interaction with the art does not require me to adopt the political dogma. And that's where I fell into the poisonous aspects of politics. Whenever I became a National Socialist, I did so because I truly believed at that time that this was the right thing to do for myself and the people that I care about. It was part of my advancement of consciousness. It wasn't like I went into National Socialism thinking, I want to be a terrible person. I'm sure there are some people who will adopt a political ideology just for that purpose. But I wasn't one of them. And most people are not like this. Most people truly believe that they are doing good with their political ideology. But we forget that. We think that these people must be bad, they must be sick, they must be diseased, or maybe they're just in a process of development. But society does not allow for that kind of flexibility in development. If you change your political ideology from communist to capitalist to National Socialist, you're not going to be seen as someone with an open mind who is flexible and willing to experience new things and alter their consciousness in order to advance. You're going to be seen as someone who is unstable, someone who can't be trusted. And why is that? Well, it's because the social fabric of modernity is based upon political ideology. Not entirely, but it plays a huge role. It's very rare for people to have close friends or a wife or a girlfriend who has radically different political opinions than them. And if they do, it's a major point of conflict. They can't come together in any sort of really deep union because they disagree on this fundamental aspect of social identification. And I've seen National Socialists who are trying to, as they say, advance the will of their people, become completely alienated from their entire family due to their political ideology. They can't have a conversation about anything with their brother, sister, mother or father because of their ideology. I've also seen people who, in embracing communism have become extremely anti working class people. They have developed extreme arrogance because their ideas are so deeply connected to their ego. And they start to look at the Republicans who live in the poor white south as the ultimate enemy, when in fact communists are supposed to be advocating for these people. But I'm not arguing for a doubling down on the purity of political ideology. What I'm asking you to do is to take a step back from ideology from a moment and see it for what it is. It's just a tool. It's a tool for exploring consciousness. It's a tool for exploring how we organize the material conditions around us. And it's not the only tool that we have access to. When I became a National Socialist, I had gone through a process of trying to embrace communism and finding a lot of faults in it. So National Socialism was the next logical step. It combined elements of the market with socialism and a national identity. I found the national identity to be lacking in communism and I found the social responsibility to be lacking in capitalism. So to bring those together, that was appealing to me. But of course I was expressing a will towards self actualization in this external system, in this party system, a party system, mind you, that doesn't really exist anymore because National Socialism is no longer a really seriously, formally organized system within the West. What it is is it's an ideology that becomes attractive to disenfranchised white people, People who are on the outskirts of society. Primarily, not all, but most of the people who embrace National Socialism are social rejects. In some way. They have been pushed aside. And because they've been pushed aside, it's very easy for them to gravitate towards a community that says, we care about you, we care about you. But unfortunately, that community is not based upon the type of sophistication that you would find in a practice like Pure Land Buddhism. Even Pure Land Buddhism, which is a very sophisticated system, holistic, that combines all aspects of consciousness from the material to the spiritual, can be prone to destructive dogma. But when you remove that holistic perspective and you place everything within the box of ideology, what you're doing is you're focusing on contemplation, A specific form of contemplation ideation. You become an ideologue and everything is filtered through your perception of reality. And you lose your ability to empathize with other people. And this can become so intense that you will start to ignore signs in your own body that your mind has taken over. It's gone too far. You have lost a connection to your roots, your physical roots, and you've lost a connection to the unifying aspects of human consciousness. Those things that allow us to connect on a meaningful level with people of other races, but not just that. Animals of other species, plant life, the entire fabric of the universe. We lose our ability to connect with that because we are so obsessed with this concept of being politically right. We have the right idea, we have this intellectual hammer, and we're going to apply it to everything. So I experienced this myself. I ignored signs in my own body that my ideology had become disease. For example, when I was younger, I loved jazz music. I really got into Miles Davis and John Coltrane specifically. And when I was a free market capitalist, it was okay to listen to that music. In fact, that music was kind of metropolitan and cool. It was an example of the productive power of free market capitalism. You see how everything gets pulled into the ideology. But then when I became a national socialist, jazz became became a symbol of degeneracy. It was a collapse of racial identity. It was the symbol of the lobo homo threat to my people. And so I had to re examine my musical taste. I would actually get to the point where I would look up lists of movies that are pro white. Or pro white music. And I would do this because it was important to me that my entire expression was consistent. If I believe that white nationalism is the way forward for me and the people I care about, then I want to be morally consistent. I want to be right. Most of us do. Most of us don't want to be wrong. So I started to abandon art. Not just music, but visual art. All types of art. Novels that were deemed problematic by those who shared my political opinions. And I could start to see the problems in that art because I had adopted this lens, this intellectual framework. So I sold all of my jazz records. I sold all of my old hardcore punk records. Because we don't want to be degenerate punks. I sold basically everything. It got down to the point where all that I had left was my European classical music. That was okay to listen to. It wasn't problematic. Hitler liked that stuff. But I became an extremely unhappy person. Very angry all the time. I couldn't find satisfaction in life. And I kept having the feeling like, you know, maybe this music that I love, that I crave, that I want to listen to, maybe it's not such a bad thing. And then I would listen to it, and I would turn it off. And I would feel intense guilt. In the same way that people would develop a complex over something like pornography. Where they have this craving to see this expression of sexuality. Because they find it interesting or beautiful or pleasurable in some way. And then they go and they masturbate and they feel terrible about themselves. Because they believe that pornography. They believe that the pornography is the foundation of all the problems in their life. And for some people, maybe that's the truth. In fact, most of us are born into some kind of compulsion. But that compulsion can be the result of literally anything. And see, one of the goals of tantric yoga is to assess the self, to identify where those compulsions exist. And then to eliminate as many of those compulsions as possible. So that we can come back to the material world and begin the process of reintegrating all of those things that were once poisonous to us. So was the jazz music really poisonous to me? Did I need to get rid of it? In some ways, yes. Actually, some ways it was because I had, remember, linked it to this idea of the superiority of the metropolitan condition. Whenever I was a free market capitalist, I believed that that artistic expression, by enjoying it, it gave me some kind of intellectual or moral superiority. It was linked to my unrefined ego. And so I realized that that expression within me, that expression towards extreme Selfishness that I was filtering through the political ideology of free market capitalism. That was something that needed to be questioned. And I questioned it through National Socialism. National Socialism became one of the intellectual lenses through which I could reassess myself. Now, mind you, I was practicing yoga this entire time. And just because you practice yoga doesn't mean that you're going to be free of compulsion. I certainly was not free of compulsion compulsion at the time that I was practicing yoga. And I'm not free of compulsion now. You're never totally free of compulsion so long as you're an individuated expression of human consciousness. I'm compelled to breathe right now. Technically I'm choosing to breathe. I could stop if I wanted to, but I have certain compulsions that I have to deal with. The tendency to breathe, the tendency to eat, things like that. And then other compulsions come up as well. But I have certain tools, certain tools that I utilize in order to address those compulsions. And one of those tools for me and for most people was politics. So I re examined my selfishness, my Randian objectivism. I was also an objectivist. I've explored a lot of ideologies. I reassessed that in the framework of this new understanding of the connection between Blood Nation and the spirit. From a yogic standpoint. This was very interesting to me because I don't know if you all know this or not, but yoga was pretty popular in National Socialist Germany. Himmler was a big fan, and he was also a big fan of the Bhagavad Gita. He used to carry around a copy of it. He made a lot of references to Eastern spirituality. And this drew me in, along with the symbol of the swastika, which, by the way, my first deep interest in the swastika was through India, not through National Socialist Germany. But I found it interesting that this political organization would utilize this symbol. This symbol really gripped my attention, as did the black sun. The black sun, by the way, is a very ancient symbol, tantric symbol. And so when I saw that, I thought, well, there's something in this, there's something here worth exploring. And I did explore it because I was not so confined to dogma. I was flexible in my thinking. I had already gone from being a communist to a capitalist and many other things, so why not be a National Socialist now? I began to have this feeling after a while of abandoning this art that I really enjoyed, that maybe I was doing something wrong. Maybe, maybe I was denying myself a pleasurable experience for no reason. And so I started to Listen to Miles Davis and John Coltrane again. And specifically I listened to the record Love supreme, which is a beautiful album by John Coltrane. And when I listened to this album, something clicked for me. It was a very intense experience. It was a transcendent moment. And I realized that all of these political ideologies that I had explored, I was never defined by any one of them. My soul expression carried through all of these different incarnations. And these incarnations came to me at different times in my life when they were valuable to me, when I had something to learn from them. You can learn something from every work of art. And ultimately every political system is a work of art. There is art in communism and capitalism and National Socialism. There's art in the Republican Party and the Democratic Party. There's art in all of these things. But why should you confine yourself to one expression of art? We become consumed at that point by that expression. There is so much that exists within us. We have a physical body, we have blood. Race is real or it's not real, depending on your perception, depending upon where you find yourself within the cosmos. And it's important to be able to explore both of those perspectives. I can lean into physicality. I can emphasize what we call the tamas guna, the material world, if I want to. And in emphasizing the material, I can become obsessed with my material. I can become very obsessed with my skin color, for example, or my heritage, or I can emphasize the other side of things. I can emphasize sattva, I can emphasize the mind, I can emphasize the spirit. And I can go away from the material foundation of things. And then I can start to embrace more so the idea of just absorbing everything, absorbing into one, not caring so much about preserving my individuated form. There's beauty in both of these perspectives, and there's also poison in both of these perspectives. And that's the great realization that I had, not just from a philosophical standpoint, because like I said, I had studied tantric yoga the entire time that I had advanced through all of these political ideologies. And I was aware of, philosophically, intellectually, of the concept of non duality. I was aware of that, but I hadn't experienced it. I hadn't experienced it directly. So it was just a concept in a book or many books, because I had experienced it under many different contexts. It was a concept to me, but I experienced it directly. And I think, looking back on it, the first really deep, profound experience of non duality that I had where I could really say, oh, I understand now. What this means came from that John Coltrane record. It came from listening to an album that was made by someone who I had decided I was supposed to hate. I was supposed to feel superior to this person. But he gave me the gift of the profound experience of transcendence. And then I could go back to all of those meditative exercises that I had applied and all of those books that I had read. And I could see things with clarity. It wasn't just an idea that I was chewing on. It was a lived experience. And that unlocked something for me. It made me realize that I should have no shame of ever having been a communist or a capitalist or a national socialist. Because none of those things were ever inherently good or evil. They were just tools. And I was just exploring them. And other people who are taking on those ideologies right now, they have their own mental programming. They have their own compulsions. They have their own things that they're struggling with, just like I struggled with things, just like I had my own mental programming, just like I had my own compulsions. And so when I see them, even if they can frustrate me from time to time, I try to remember that they are also human beings on a journey of exploring consciousness. And they're not defined by the group that they belong to. They're not defined by the person that they voted for. They're not defined by these things. They are just a person trying to figure everything out. They believe they're right in this moment. I believe I'm right about certain things in this moment. But generally speaking, my perspective of what is right and wrong doesn't extend beyond my own body. I'm just aware of the fact that there are many poisons and many medicines in this world. And one man's poison is another man's medicine. And these things can change throughout your life. I could drink alcohol tomorrow. Maybe it would give me a good experience. And on another night, maybe it would make me really sick to my stomach and ruin the whole night. So these things change. The way we interact with these things changes. We have to be flexible. We have to be empathetic with other people. We have to be willing to look in the mirror and say, hey, I've changed my mind about things before. I've been wrong, and recognize that I've been wrong. Or if you haven't changed your mind about things before, if you haven't recognized you're wrong, maybe it's time that you try to recognize that you could have been wrong about something, and maybe you could have been right. About certain things. Maybe being right or wrong isn't a winner takes all system. Maybe there's some balance there, something in between. The world is full of shades of gray after all. That doesn't eliminate the fact that there's hope hardline rules to certain systems whenever you embrace them. But it is an aspect of embracing those things. So take the time to reassess what is at the core of your ideology. Is it some compulsion that is leading you to embrace this thing? Are you using that ideology as a medicine in order to make yourself more powerful? Are you clinging to it out of fear or frustration or sadness? If you are, that's okay. But just try to be aware of yourself. And also try to give other people the right to change their mind. Because if you really believe that the people who have opinions that are counter to your own are wrong are evil even for having those opinions, then you have to be willing to forgive them whenever they change their mind. Don't slap them with a label and make them apologize for 10 straight years for being a Nazi or a commie or a capitalist or whatever. Just let them be. Let them change their mind. Have some faith that they have the ability to change their mind. And also don't be so skeptical of the change. If I say that I'm no longer a National Socialist and I'm not, I'm not anything other than myself, then people are going to start having questions. I wonder what aspects of that ideology he's still holding on to, how much evil is still within him. The fact is, very rarely do you know the depth of a person. Very rarely. It's very difficult to effectively put people into boxes. You may think you know them, you may think you understand where they're coming from, but then they'll surprise you. I bet I could surprise you with a lot of my opinions, but I'm not going to get into those in this video. Because like I said, I don't have to justify myself to you or anybody else. I don't have to explain myself. I don't need to do that. I don't care. I know there are certain things that I can develop. I'll be developing forever. I'm forever a student. Hopefully soon you can be a forever student too, and realize that where you're at is just where you're at. It's not where you're going. And maybe you'd like to get there.

