We are now going to perform yoga. Nidra. Lay down on your back and perform Uttan Padasana by raising your legs, head, shoulders and arms for roughly 5 second. Now release and relax into Shavasana. Make sure your palms are facing upward. Relax your whole body. Take a nice deep breath through the nose and exhale through the mouth. Try to breathe from the abdomen up towards the chest and just relax. I want you to feel that your body is rooted to the surface that you are laying on. Nidra is a Sanskrit word that means sleep. And the goal of this meditation exercise is to induce deep relaxation which will allow you to fall asleep much easier. If you wish to fall asleep, you may do so. Otherwise, just relax and follow my instructions. In this exercise, you are going to direct your attention to specific parts of the body. When directing your attention to a specific body part, it is likely that your mind will wander. This is nothing to worry about. I want you to let your thoughts flow freely. And if you feel that your attention is being pulled away, I want you to slowly bring your attention back to the body part. Okay, let's begin. I want you to bring your attention to your right foot. Make note of all the sensations of the right foot foot. Maybe there is a breeze. Maybe you feel the warmth of the foot. I want you to now feel that the right foot is becoming very heavy. You feel it falling through the floor. Bring your attention to your left foot. Feel all of the sensations in the left foot. And now feel that your left foot is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it falling through the floor. Slowly bring your attention to your right leg. Make note of all the subtle sensations of the right leg. Feel that your right leg is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking into the ground. Bring your attention to your left leg. Feel all of the sensations in your left leg. Make note of the structure of the leg. Now feel that your left leg is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it falling through the floor. Slowly focus your attention on your right hand, making note of all the subtle sensations of the right hand. Feel each individual finger. Feel the warmth of the hand. Now feel that the hand is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel your hand sinking into the floor. Bring your attention to your left hand. Feel all of the sensations of your left hand. Feel the tips of the fingers, the structure of the bones. And now feel that the left hand is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it falling through the ground. Slowly bring your attention to your right arm. Feel the weight of the right arm. Feel now that your right arm is becoming very heavy. Feel it sinking into the floor. Move your attention to your left arm. Make note of all the sensations of the left arm. And now feel that the left arm is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it falling through the ground. Now I want you to bring your attention to your chest. Make note of the movement of the chest. Now feel that the chest is becoming very heavy. You feel it sinking into the floor. Slowly bring your attention to your head. Feel all of the sensations of the head. Feel your eyes and your ears. Feel the warmth of your face. Now feel that your head is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it falling through the floor. Now I want you to feel that you are floating in absolute darkness. And I want you to visualize in your mind a place that you would like to be. It can be any place that you can imagine. I want you to go to that place in your mind and just relax. Now, when you are ready, I want you to feel the weight coming back into your body. And I want you to slowly sit up and open your eyes. It this concludes the meditation exercise.