Begin by entering into a meditative asana. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath, breathing from the abdomen up to the chest. And when you exhale, relax your entire body. Focus your attention at the center of your chest, which is the seat of the anahata. Visualize a pulse forming at the center of your chest. Steady pulse. See the pulse as glowing green energy resting at the center of your chest. With each breath. As you inhale, feel the air move through the center of your chest, up your spine to the center of your brain. And as you exhale, the air descends down the spine and rests within the anahata. Visualize movement of the breath through the anahata to the center of the brain and down, back to the heart. With each breath, the glowing green pulse grows stronger, expanding, filling your body and all things outside of your body, encompassing everything. See now that you are surrounded by absolute darkness. And in the darkness, you see a stag. The stag is graceful and strong, bounding from one point to the next. Graceful, swift stag. See now the image of the shot Kona. Two triangles intertwined, one pointing upward, one pointing downward. Unification of Shiva and Shakti. Unification of contemplation and action. See now that you are walking in a beautiful garden. Lush green garden filled with many flowers. Feel the soft grass beneath your feet. As you walk through the lush green garden. See now that you are standing at the edge of a great lake. And at the center of the lake you see a large tree growing out from the water. Feel yourself walk across the water, place your hand on the tree and make a promise to yourself. Repeat the promise three times. See now a green lotus flower. Green lotus with 12 petals. 12 petals spinning in a circle. 12 green petals whirling. Vortex of energy. Feel yourself moving closer to the lotus. Feel the energy absorb into your body, expanding from the heart out. Feel now that you are becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you're ready, open your eyes.