Begin by taking a deep breath. Breathing from the abdomen up to the chest. And when you exhale, relax your entire body. Bring your awareness now to the warmth of your body. Just the warmth of your body. Allow all things to pass by, bringing your awareness to no specific thing. If something disturbs you, let it be. If something entices you, let it be. Allow all things to be as they are. And feel the warmth in your face, bringing your awareness to just your face and to your feet. Bringing your awareness to just your feet. Warm, nourishing blood running through your feet, feeding your body. And bring your awareness now to the perineum, to the pelvis. Feel the warmth at the perineum, at the pelvis. Feel the full circulating flow of warmth from your face to your feet, back up and down. And with your eyes closed, feel the warmth circulating through your belly and your chest, through your thighs, your calf muscles, your face, your ankles, your feet. Deep warmth. And now we set our awareness to Bhairavi. Sacred form of Shakti. Ferocious and terrible. Bright red skin like blood on sand. Black blood skin like old blood spilled on mahogany floor. Crawling mother, slender body, powerful legs, full breasts dripping nectar. Wild eyes, matted black hair, tusks. She is the tusked one. Crawling mother. She crawls into your room while you sleep. And she caresses your skin with 1000 subtle touches. She tastes your body from feet to crown and back. Red mother, Black mother. Crawling, standing, dancing. She finds you in the wilderness. She is the wilderness and she stands in the darkness, naked, lit by the moon. And she dances and she rests on corpses. Small bites she takes from rotting flesh, covering tusks, teeth, lips with blood and skin and fat, muscle. And she carries these things back to her abode. Feel her consume you, consuming the flesh, the skin, the fat, the muscle, the bone. She carries you rended, rended into 1,000 pieces. Back to her abode, where you reconstruct yourself and she dances. She celebrates your reincarnation. You sit in Padmasana and she rests in your lap. In May Thuna. She crawls away and you stand and she returns. Crawling, crawling on concrete lore. Red skin, black skin. Closer, always close. Within, without, in front of behind, above, below. You stand. She kneels. She looks to you with sharpened teeth. She smiles. Subtle smile. She holds you. And the world turns upside down. And deep within the earth there is no good or evil. There is only indulgence and power. Sa it.