Lay upon the floor, lay upon the bed. Or sit in meditative asana in a balanced position and close your eyes. In just a moment you will breathe deeply and the breath will move from the bottom of your fe as you inhale towards the crown of your head. And when you exhale, the air will descend back down to the bottom of your fe. Now, deep breath, inhaling through the feet, traveling up through the body, up, crawling up the spine to the crown of the head, exhaling. And the air descends down, down the sp, through the pelvis and the legs down, resting again at the bottom of the feet. And now breathing, inhaling through the left hand. And the air travels through the to the right hand. And exhaling. The air returns to the left hand in balance. In the darkness that surround you, you see a moth and white fluttering wings in balance. Occasional shifts in the rippling breeze, but the wings of the moth always return to balance. Feel that you have become as the moth. The left and the right moving in the rippling breeze. Warm air across your arm, spreading from the left hand to the right, across your chest and belly, from the tips of your fingers on the left hand to the tips of your fingers on the right. And the warm air returns from the right hand to the left, across your back. The cool air flows from the bottom of your feet to the top of your head. Rippling air, distortion, seeming chaos, always falling into balance. And the air moves from the crown of your head down, cool air blowing across your back to the bottom of your feet. And the twisting serpents begin to ris your legs, your feet transforming into serpent, your left leg, the black serpent, twisting, writhing, twirling, advancing up the left side of the body and then crossing to the right, back and forth. Feel your leg as the serpent and the right leg and the right foot becomes the white serpent. Feel the weight of the great snake as your right leg transfers, transforms, writhing, twisting, expanding, crawling across the right side of your body, crossing to the left. Snakes intertwining, moving across the pelvis, crossing again over the belly and the chest and the arms and the shoulders and the neck and the Facebook and the unification is complete. Feel now that you are once again becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you are ready, open your eyes. Sam.