Find a comfortable position. Close your eyes and take a deep breath, breathing from your belly up to your chest. And when you exhale, relax your entire body. In one moment, you will direct your attention to the bottom of your feet. When you do this, allow thoughts to flow freely without interaction. If a thought disturbs you, let it be. If a thought attracts you, let it be. If you feel at any time that your attention is being brought away from the point of focus, do not become frustrated. Simply bring your attention back to the focus point. Let's begin. Bring your attention to the bottom of your feet. Visualize drums, drums in the distance. Blackened drums. War drums, finished with animal skin and blood of conquered people. Hear the drums, drums in the distance, pounding vibration spreading through the ground, traveling. Feel the vibration of the drums through the bottom of your feet, spreading up through your vibration, power. And feel now the warmth of the blood flowing through the bottom of your feet, pulsating blood running warm blood spreading out through your body, carrying thoughts and memory, carrying passion and wine, carrying lust and hate. Feel these things moving through your body, spreading through your veins. Feel your very consciousness moving through your veins. See your vision, inner sight moving through the blood. And see now that you are surrounded by total darkness. And in the darkness you see elephant with six arms standing, raging bull dancing on blackened stone. And fire dancing vibrations spreading out through the stone. Feel the pulse, the pulse of this dark pit. The thunderous roar of the dark pit, the pulse of hell. And see now the peak of a great volcano. Smoke billowing out as the sky grows red and the Asura walk the land, sharpen swords to hack the heads off common people and spill their blood into once clean waters, hastening the rot. And the earth cracks open as gods sing the praises of the dark mother. She claws her way through the earth and stands amongst man. Beautiful goddess of time and death. Ferocious mistress of creation. Red lips, obsidian skin, wild eyes in bloodlust. She dances on the corpses of the slain as she hacks the limbs from the Asura. And crimson waves wash across the earth. New demons born in the fury and rage grows burning passion as she drinks the blood of the fallen ones. Feel the burning blood spread through your body from your throat to your chest, from the tips of your fingers to the bottom of your fe. Feel the rage of the mother as she claims victory and the lust grows. See the death around you as common man falls to her sword in the blood. Blood splashes against your skin, warm crimson. Feel it against your skin, spreading down across your body. And the prince of the sun lays upon the ground and she stands upon upon his chest and draws her passion into him. In Meduna the world is recreated. Feel now that you are once again becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings and when you are ready, open your eyes. If you are interested in listening to our yoga Nidras advertisement free, you can do so by becoming a $1 nidra member on patreon.com ridethetigeryoga Sam.