On holy mountain, I pray with closed eyes. Come with me. Come to the mountain. Shut your eyes. Rest at the peak. Breathe air of ice and water. Breathe deeply. The cold air that surrounds you bites your skin, but cannot reach your heart, cannot reach your lungs. Your lungs are blackened. Your heart beats with blood, black blood. You step down, down on the dark side of the mountain. Where the peasants do not, the birds do not fly. Everything that lives in the darkness crawls, crawls through, through the earth, through jagged stone, lacerating skin covering the body in bl. And the ash of the mountain coats the wounds, colors the skin crimson obsidian. See the silver throne. See the golden lotus, exuberant light. And his lordship in meduna, writhing woman upon his lap. He laughs, he smiles low rumble from his belly, billowing like pit of hell. Blackened fingers etched across white flesh. In pleasure and indulgence, without compulsion. The demon walks freely upon the ocean and the clouds, through fire and solid rock. As the serpent twists upon the spire, rising up to the pillar of Nirvana. Swallowing kingdoms whole cosmos whole absorption of all venom. Venom through the veins, coursing. Feel the poison. All poison rising to the forefront of your mind, to the tips of your fingers, to the tip of your tongue. Poison resting in the depths of your body. That which you dare not utter, that which you dare not contemplate, rises, rises upon the back of the serpent, sliding across blue tongue and resting in your inner vision. Those desires that are of poison to you, see them. See them in their full glory. Your desires. Stand at your feet as you descend the mountain. Feel the embrace of your most poisonous desires. Let them flow through you like the venom of the serpent. With each breath that you take, feel the poison spreading. Spreading through your blood, beyond your veins, into your muscles, into the fat and the bone. Smoke and blood. Feel death come upon you. Shadows cross your vision. Inner sight descends to nothingness. Beyond the void, beyond the tomb, beyond all feeling, you find clear light kingdom, heavenly abode. Reject it. Nirvana overturned. Descend. Descend beyond the light. Reach foot of the mountain. Look to the blood moon, white to red to black. Crawl. Crawl upon the ground. Writhe and twist. Fingers clawing in dark fertile soil. Descend into the earth. Destroy the barrier and reign now as Supreme Buddha, Black King of Hell. Feel now that you are once again becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you are ready, open your eyes. Sam.