Before we begin, find a comfortable position. And now close your eyes and take a deep breath. Breathing. From the abdomen up to the chest, relaxing your entire body. In just a moment, you will bring your attention to the palms of your hands. When you do this, you will allow all thoughts to flow freely without interaction. If there is a thought that disturbs you, you will not push it. If there is a thought that attracts you, he will not bring it towards you. He will simply allow all things to be as they are. Bring your attention to the palms of your hands. Feel every subtle sensation that you can notice on the palms of your hands. Feel the hand from the tips of your fingers all the way down to your wrists. Every subtle line, every joint, every bead of sweat. The muscle and the bone, the blood and the skin. Feel the weight of your hands and see now that you are surrounded by absolute darkness. And in the darkness you see snow covered hills, pine trees, evergreen, the red of a fresh kill in the snow. As you feel yourself walking barefoot through the freezing powder with moonlight covering your skin. With only a small wolf's pelt wrapped across your shoulders and across the top of your head, biting chill cuts the skin. You feel the cold permeate your entire being. Wind wrapping itself around your body. Death's caress up and down, penetrating the skin, cutting into the bone. Chill. Cold. You march step after step, trudging through before us, dark with yellow eyes peering out from the black cold wind howling. You fall to your hands and knees, pulling yourself deeper and deeper into the wood. Cold snow wrapping around your arms and your laying, weakening body shivering until you collapse into the snow, belly touching the cold ground. You sleep for a moment and then slowly you awaken. And sleep and awaken. And then you twist and writhe, warmth coming back to the body. Ever so slightly. You move through the snow, pulling yourself, dragging your body until you reach the great wood and stone gates of Asgard. You enter the realm and find your way to Woden's great home. Yellow glow of fires burning through windows. Laughter and music. And you stand, wet and shivering. Ice cold air entering your lungs. Burning fingers numb. But you push forward, breath strong, fingers clenched, and you reach the door of the great hall. But no one answers. Black night stars shimmering, twisting, seeming to melt and fall. Blue and green, yellow, orange and tinges of red. Dragon wings spreading through the night sky as the world grows black around you and the shadow creeps, covering the land and dancing towards your feet. Blackness touching your skin, Warmth spreading through your body to the bones in the muscles, breathing. Warm air enveloped in comfort and darkness and you see in the darkness a pale face smiling laughing horns protruding from his forehead and darkness again see that you are resting in a cave burning fire warm heat surrounding you blanket of protection and prosperity and in the distance you look upon your children great serpent crawling through the snow heat spreading out from blazing eyes melting the powder writhing wet beast gaping jaws of wolfen brother sharp massive teeth of the wolf prowling the forest burning yellow eyes low rumble emanating from the wolf howl of a demon echoing across the valley to forests and kingdoms beyond the realm and beautiful girl of pale skin and death look into the fire see what your children have wrought see what you have created feel that you are once again becoming aware of your body feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings and when you are ready open your eyes if you are interested in listening to our yoga nidras advertisement free you can do so by becoming a $1 nidra member on patreon.com ridethetigeryoga.