Begin by closing your eyes. And now take a deep breath, breathing from your belly up. And when you exhale, feel total relaxation. In one moment you will hear the beautiful music of Lord Krishna drift into your awareness. Allow the music to flow in absolute liberation. Those notes that are sweet to you, the taste of honey and smell of flowers, let those notes ring true in your awareness. Those notes that are sour to you, that smell of musty earth, let them resound in the halls of your mind and body and feel all that God has to offer you. Do not reject it, do not entice it. This music is the gift of the Lord and it comes to you freely. Accept it without question and you will be welcome into the stream of milk and honey and in the warm grass of the pale blue riverside. Hear now the sound of the Lord's music. Hear it in the far distance, the furthest possible distance that you can imagine. Do you hear Comes to you in the most unexpected ways. Have no expectations. Listen to the sweet and the bitter music alike, all flowing from the cosmic flute of the Lord. So faint, so far, but you hear it nonetheless. Bring the music closer, your awareness now of the Milky Way galaxy, just your own galaxy, all of the sweet and bitter music that vibrates from planet to to planet, from seed to seed. Feel it come into your mind and your body, permeating your spirit, igniting the fire within you, bringing to you emotion and thought and action and unification and differentiation. The roaring chorus of billions upon billions, trillions and more voices once unheard, now become accessible to you through the beautiful music of and the ugly music of the Lord. And bring your awareness now to your home planet, your own loving, safe oasis in the massive expanse of the ongoing creation and the ongoing dissolution. And hear now all of the music, all of the beautiful and terrible music that is expressed by every living being on this planet, by every tree and every stream, by every rock and every storm and every growing flower as it blooms, gives its own music to the cosmic symphony. Now allow it all to come to you in total acceptance and passive observation. Hear it, Hear it. Hear it all. Sa bring your awareness to the tiny grove of warmth, green grass and glowing blue water, of the endless stream and the solid ground. And you sit with our Lord as He dances and sings and plays only sweet music for you and for the beautiful maidens that surround him in loving embrace. And they dance with utterance joyfully, beyond all time, beyond all thought, beyond all unification and fire and individuation. And yet here, in thought, in fire and unification and differentiation, they express their beauty to you, and you to them. And hear now the music that the Lord has created for you. Feel now that you are once again becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you are ready, open your eyes.