Close your eyes. Breathe deeply from your belly up to your chest. Relax your entire body. See that you are surrounded by absolute darkness. And in the darkness you see the faintest glow quickly expanding into blinding light. Burning sun amidst the green treetops and the blue mountains spreading out, overtaking all, into the clouds, through the grass and the lush vegetation of the forest. You find yourself standing naked in the primordial green at the cradle of the earth. You walk through thick jungle, observing creatures strange and wild, without tooth, without claw. Calm beasts moving gently through the trees and the underbrush. Strange colors of fur and vegetation dancing in the sunlight. Indigo and pink petals rising and falling. Golden nectar dripping from trees, reaching the clouds and beyond. You see in the distance a woman and a man. The woman smiles and laughs as she dances alongside deep blue pools of water. Roaring waterfall, monolithic stones. Her golden hair catches the rays of the sun as she spins and the man stands watching, distrust on his face. She tries to bring him to the pool, but he refuses and raises a hand to strike her. Hard blow against the cheek and she falls into dark moss, blood dripping from her lips. She runs her fingers across the crimson and sees violence for the first time. She flees into the jungle, passing by the bewildering colors. Kaleidoscope of glowing light, the scream of cats as teeth begin to grow and claws grow sharp. She stumbles in delirium, moving deeper and deeper, canopy growing thicker until the garden is dark and enclosed. She sits on the floor of the garden and begins to cry. And glowing warmth touches the skin of her back as the dark green forest is bathed in golden light. And she looks up to see fallen angel standing before her. And the warmth of embrace fills the forest beyond the trees, beyond the beasts, sending them into wild frenzy. Beyond man, beyond the clouds to reach heaven. And the rage of God grows until paradise is ripped asunder. Angel and woman cast out, falling, falling deeper past rock and watery depths, beyond paradise, beyond earth to burning caverns and obsidian thrones where serpents crawl and bring man to passion. Feel now that you are becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you're ready, open your eyes.