Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Breathing from your belly up to your chest. And when you exhale, relax your entire body. She comes to you soft, softly, in whispers on ocean mist. Feel the warm spray of the ocean against your skin. Feel tiny drops of dew from morning mist spreading across your body, beginning at the top of your head. Bring your attention to the top of your head. Feel cooling mist, tiny droplets on your scalp. And in the distance you hear the ocean, the tides moving in and out. Tiny droplets of water touching your skin, moving now onto your face. Cool mist with each breath that you take, feel the cool mistake of the cosmic ocean enter into your nostrils, traveling through your body, in your blood. Cool pink mist rising from blue ocean. And as you breathe, feel cool mist traveling through your muscles. Be a passive observer of all of the subtle sensations that you feel in your muscles with each breath that you take. Cool mist falling upon your chest, absorbing through the skin, cool embrace of the eternal ocean. Spring at the deep, deep center of the universe where she sleeps with golden hair wrapped in gowns made of pearl and seaweed. And she travels through space, space and time, wrapped in a white shell, lit in the center by her warm radiance. And with each breath that you take, feel the cool pink mist wrapping around your body, traveling through each nerve, calming, caressing, bringing you into beautiful slumber. And with each breath that you take, feel the pink mist soaking into your bones, elevating you, floating, floating above the land and the sea, surrounded by a pink bubble carrying you higher. And the mistake continues to caress your skin on your belly. Cool mist as you float, floating higher and the earth begins to transform, transforming from discernible individual things to a canvas spread out to encompass all that you see. And the vision grows and the trees turn to brushstrokes and you see her hand gliding across the mountains and the rivers, moving green pigments and grays and white and brown, deep reds swirling, smearing, separating and intertwining on the face of the earth. She runs her hands over the sand and the ice and snow and she cups her hands in the ocean and bathes herself in the warm blue and the cooling pink mist that surrounds you as you float far, far away, away, away from earth, away past all things that you once knew. And the cool mist caresses your legs and feet. Observe all of the sensations that you may feel as the cool mistake spreads down your legs and feet and you pass by clouds of orange and purple, yellow and blue dust and ice spraying across the endless sky. The slight hum of sirens calling from oceans unknown. And it grows. It grows louder, passing through the insulating walls of the cosmic bubble that carries you across space and time, Louder and louder as she begins to whisper in your ear. And a golden kingdom comes into view, sized beyond compare. The height and width of a thousand suns in pure radiance, echoing vibrations of warmth and glory, exaltation and recognition. And as you move closer, closer to the golden doors, the pink mist of the cosmic bubble caresses your arms and hands and lips. And in the blinding, glowing light of this grand castle, you see her white shell open. And she stands before naked and pale, hands outstretched, red lips and white hair, an endless light behind her perpetual warmth, before her with sirens calling and nymphs dancing to the thunderous trumpets so loud they can only be heard as deep vibration in the recesses of your soul. And the bubble floats into her arms. And she places you in that grand cosmic shell where the bubble bursts. And you lay in deep, deep sleep on a bed of sea foam, listening to the soft lullaby of Venus and of the ocean and of all that she has given you and of all that you have given her in the eternal embrace of beauty and of passion. Feel that you are once again becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you're ready, open your eyes.