Begin by taking a deep breath from the abdomen up to the chest. And when you exhale, relax your entire body. In just a moment, you will bring your awareness to the crown of your skull. This is the location of the cooling waters of the Sahasra. When you bring your awareness to this point. Allow all experiences to flow freely with no interaction. If something disturbs you, let it be. If something entices you, let it be. Allow all things to be as they are. Without interaction. Let's begin. Bring your awareness to the crown of your skull. This is the home of the Sahasra chakra. The place of pure spirit within your body. There is potential for great violence and great tranquility. In order to achieve greater control. You must wash yourself in the cooling waters of the spirit. That which unifies and gives awareness of shared experience. Focus your awareness at the crown of your skull. Realize that you possess the potential to halt any wind. Extinguish any fire. Flood any land with the pure wave of transcendence that rests at the crown of your skull. Feel now the fire burning in your belly. The rage and the passion that overtakes you and drives you to reactivity. Feel the cool waters of the spirit rain down. Washing away the fire in your belly. Extinguishing all anger, frustration, sadness. Extinguishing all excitement, happiness, humor. There is nothing but the cool waters in your belly. That grant you total command over the self. Bring your awareness now to the harsh winds in your mind. At the throat, a whirlwind of thought that extends up through the brain. Feel the wind pulled. Pulled up into the firmament of your body. Transformed into clouds. Rumbling clouds. Where the thoughts are diffused. And the mist is solidified into rain. Pure rain. Clear water. Where thoughts become nothingness. And the spirit falls to the earth. To ground you. Bring your awareness now to your lower body. To the seat of the earth. Feel the quaking of hunger. Raw primal desire that makes you a slave to its every whim. And feel the rushing torrent of the rain, the thunderstorm. The aspect of will in the heart combined with pure spirit. That turns the tremors of the land into mud. So that all primal desire melts away. And all that is left is the endless sea. And feel your body dissolve into the waters of the cosmic ocean. Until there is nothing left but pure, clear water. And the total overcoming of the destructive attachments of the self. Feel now that you're once again becoming aware of your body. Feel that you're becoming aware of your surroundings. When you're ready, open your eyes.