Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. And when you exhale, feel your body relax. Bring your focus to the center of your chest. Begin to scan your chest for subtle sensations. Search for warmth. Search for coolness. Allow all experiences to come to you. Expel nothing. Invoke nothing. Allow all things to flow freely without interruption. Feel all of the subtle sensations that you can feel at the center of your chest. Expand your awareness. Awareness spreading out beyond the center of the chest. Awareness of all sensation throughout the entire body. Feel all that may be felt. And beyond the blood body expanding out to the subtle. Experience everything that the spirit body has to offer you. Feel the spirit envelop the body of blood. And see now that you are surrounded by absolute darkness. And in the darkness you see a crossroads. See that you are standing at the center of the crossroads. The land is flat. You look down one stretch of road and see that it is expansive. It goes on beyond the horizon. Beyond all perception of distance in each direction. The road goes on beyond all space and time. And you stand at the center of all consciousness. And you hear his name whispered on the cold wind howling down the crossroads. And you know that he is present. Feel yourself falling. Falling down. Down through the black pit of the crossroad. Floating. Falling into total blackness. Falling. Feel weightless. And now see all around you. Bright lights. Dots of light. Pink and green, blue and yellow, orange and red, purple and white. Swirling, expanding and retracting. Spinning, flashing and holding. And now see that you have broken through the darkness. And you float. You float softly down. Down over a small village on a snow capped mountain. Earth fires burning with smoke fills the air. Allow yourself to enjoy the scent of the burning wood. Feel the warmth radiating from fire. Feel the slight touch of biting ice as you float down. Down through open chimney. Into warm cottage. A peaceful empty. You walk through the fire, but it does not burn you. And you sit in meditation, staring at the flame. Feel the warmth radiating across your body. Waves of warmth moving across your face and leg and chest and belly and hand. Steady one as you stare. Stare deeply into the flames. And you hear his name crackling on the burning wood. The smell of food permeates the cotton. And you know that a great feast is being prepared for you. And you remain in waiting. Feeling the warmth of the fire radiating across your body. Feeling the heat on the tips of your fingers, on your lips and toe. And you watch as dust sprinkles down, down onto the flames. Transforming them from red to green to gold. Red to green to gold. Red to green to gold. And you hear in the recesses of your mind. Wolves. Hooves on the rooftop. Hooves dancing. Stomping. Creeping like the beast. And you feel yourself floating. Hovering. Hovering to a table with delicious food waiting for you to taste. And so you taste the food. Warm nourishment. Feel the food moving through the esophagus. Down. Down into the f. Fires of the belly. Fires burning the food. In red, green and gold. Fire bringing nourishment to the blood. In red, green, gold. Fires bringing warmth to passion. In red, green and gold. And with that, you hear three knocks. And you know that he is present. Feel now you are once again becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you are ready, open your eyes.