Lay down in bed. Close your eyes and take a deep breath. And when you exhale, feel total relaxation. Take one more deep breath. And when you exhale, feel all of your muscles relax completely, melting into the bed. Listen to my voice and follow along with these instructions so that you may experience spirit walking in the dream world. Lucid dreaming. Control of the expression of the mind within the dimension of internal reflection. Follow my voice and allow all experiences to flow freely. Without question, let all things be as they are. Now open your eyes. Take stock of everything in the room. Slowly examine each individual thing. Examine the texture of these things. The color, the shape. Take your time to carefully examine all of the items in your room. Take one last look briefly at the items in your room. And now expand your awareness to the dimensions of the room. The height of the walls. The width of the walls. Feel the space between all things in your room. And now close your eyes and take a deep breath. And when you exhale, feel all of your muscles relax and melt into the bed. We're going away now. Far away. Far away. Imagine a point far away. The furthest possible point from your body. Feel yourself go to that point and see a black door in front of you. On the other side of that door is a clear room. A room that can be shaped with the unrestrained power of your imagination. Open the door and walk into the room. See that there is a bed in the center of the room. It is your bed. Walk to the bed. Lay down in the bed. Take a deep breath. And when you exhale, feel all of your muscles relax and melt into the bed in this clear room on the other side of the black door. Begin to recreate the room that you left so far away. All of the items that you've placed in your memory and have carried with you to this new dimension form. First, the walls of the room recall the he and the width of the walls recall the ceiling and the floor. And now begin to rebuild each of the items in this space, one after another. With texture, color, shape. Until you have rebuilt your room from home in this far away place. This new dimension of consciousness known as the dream world. This pure expression of the mind, self reflected. Sa take a moment to complete the reconstruction of your room. And to observe one last time your room in totality. The reconstruction is complete. Now bring your awareness to your body. Your body has become a vehicle in the world of dreams. To operate at will. In this realm, you have total control. You can craft any type of body that you would like to have. Any form of vehicle that you would like to operate in the dimension of inner reflection. There is no limitation to your imagination. Imagination is the ruler of the realm of dreams. And you are the ruler. Contemplate the nature of the body that you choose to operate in this new dimension. And begin to reconstruct your body. Beginning with the the texture. Feel the essential texture, the essence of the body. Consider all of the variations of this new body. Consider all of the shifting textures of this new vehicle. See them as a crawling chaos. An amalgamation of sensuous intention without form and yet with identity and craft. Now the colors of the new body. You possess the power to manifest whatever color you will into existence within this new land of dreams. See the color, feel the color. Understand what it represents to you. Take a moment now to finalize all of the colors of this new vehicle. And see now the combination of textures and color bringing greater form and control. And understand now the shape of this new body bringing final form to its manifestation. Manifestation. Construct the shape of this body that roams really in total autonomy in your dreams where you experience new dimension in total control. Sa shape formed, forming, formed, reflected extension of the will of the mind. Sensation as the essence, as the foundation to explore a new world of your design and of a reflection of experience. Of the moon and of the sun, chaos and order. Of the flowing stream and the single black dot on the wal. And you find yourself in total control of this new land. Sa as you drift into deeper sleep. Sa and the lotus floats on streams without water. Just as you float through infinite space. And the lotus floats some streams without water. Just as you float through infinite space. And the lotus floats on streams without water. Just as you float through infinite space. And the lotus floats on streams without water. Just as you float through infinite space. And the lotus floats on streams without water. Just as you float through infinite space.