Begin the trataka exercise by sitting comfortably in front of your object of trataka. Once you have found a comfortable position, close your eyes and take a deep breath. And when you exhale, relax your entire body. Now open your eyes and direct your gaze to the center of the object of trataka. If this is a yantra, focus on the center point of the image. If this is a candle, focus on the flame. The central point of the object of Trataka is whatever point possesses the greatest power, the greatest magnetic draw. Now that you have brought your awareness to the central point of power on the object of Trataka, take another deep breath. And when you exhale, relax your entire body. Now bring your awareness to that central gravitational force, that power to draw in an anchor, the power of object awareness. The power that allows you to exist with, inhabit, and be inhabited by whatever prana you wish to embrace. In this practice, allow your eyes to comfortably adjust to the image that you bring your awareness to. Allow all thoughts, experiences, feelings, emotions, blood and water to pass, to remain, to flee without obstruction, without chase. Allow all things to flow without interaction. If something disturbs you, let it be. If something entices you, let it be. Let all things be as they are, with no interaction. Let all interaction be as it is, with no obstruction, in total liberation from distraction, in total liberation from one pointedness. Continue to observe the object of trataka. Whatever comes to you, this is what needs to come to you. There is beauty in every experience in trataka. There is significance in every experience in trataka. Do not abandon. Do not push away, do not question. When you hear the music, allow it to carry you away without chase. And when you recognize that your awareness has fallen far away from the object of your practice, do not become frustrated. Simply bring your awareness slowly back to the object of your awareness and find the lesson that it seeks to transport into your awareness. And now close your eyes. Do not attempt to force any specific image, experience, feeling, emotion, sensation, water or blood, or anything beyond or within, or back again. Just allow whatever will come to you to come and whatever will leave you to leave. Your eyes remain shut without distraction. You have total access to unification and the stream of consciousness that brings you closer to union. It is within what you observe that you will find the answer to that which is of dharma, of the self, and that which exists outside of the self, and what colors your path or discolors your path. And now open your eyes. And if you would like to continue with your practice, you may observe the image. Be aware of the object of trataka and continue the process of observation. Eyes open, eyes shut. As you wish. According to the Kriya, the free flow of all experience in accordance with union and Dharma Sa.