Begin by closing your eyes and bring your attention to the navel. Take a deep breath, breathing from the belly up to the chest. And when you exhale, relax your entire body. Allow all experiences to flow freely with no interaction. Feel a spark in the belly. Deep in the blackness of the belly. Deep in the caverns where no light penetrates save for the inner mounting flame. With each breath that you take, feel the air move through your navel. Traveling to the deep blackness of the belly. To the flame. And when you exhale, the air remains in the inner mounting flame. As you breathe, each inhalation carries air that rests in the center of the belly. And every exhalation feeds the growing flame. Feel spark just turn to fire and the warmth expands. Warmth deep in the belly. Breathing through the navel with each exhalation. Fuel to the inner mounting flame. Fire growing, raging inferno in the belly. Intense heat spreading to the walls of the bell. Fires growing, expanding up and out with each breath that you take. Feel the heat grow, the inferno expand from the belly to the chest and down the leg, the top of the head to the bottom of the feet, out to the tips of the fingers. The ever growing, the inner mounting flame. With the next breath, feel the flames grow, expanding out beyond the body, engulfing your skin and bone and muscle in fire consumed, becoming nothing but the inner mounting flame. You walk this earth now as fire. And with each breath you take, the air enters into your belly, to your head and arms and legs and chest. From every surface, every inch, every angle of the inner mounting flame. Feel the air surrounding you, absorbed with each breath. And when you exhale fuel to the fire, the fire grows, it dances, it expands, consuming everything around it with each breath growing stronger. Land, air, trees, food for the inner mounting flame. Feel yourself growing in power as the inferno increases, spreading across the land, consuming entire nations with each breath. And oceans turn to steam at the feet of the inner mounting flame. And with your next breath, you consume the entire earth. And with the breath after, you consume the moon and the planets of the solar system, and the inner mounting flame engulfs the sun. And you grow in power, expanding beyond the confines of the solar system, consuming the entire galaxy with one breath. And galaxies beyond. And the entire universe falls to the inner mounting flame. And universes beyond, dimensions beyond. And with the next breath, you consume the entire cosmos in the inner mounting flame. Until all that exists. Until all that exists is the eternal fire of the inner mounting flame. Feel that you are once again becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you're ready, open your eyes.