Sam. Begin by closing your eyes. Take a deep breath and when you exhale, feel your entire body fall into deeper relaxation. Begin to scan your body from your feet to the crown of your head by first bringing your awareness to the soles of your feet and focusing. Feeling the warmth at the soles of your feet and allowing all thoughts, sensations, experiences to flow freely with no interaction. Allowing all things to be as they are. Feeling all of the subtle sensations that you may experience at the soles of your feet and advancing up the legs. See a red light. Warm red light forming at the soles of your feet and advancing slowly up your body, through your feet, into your ankles, slowly moving up your legs to your knees, through your thighs, up through your abdomen. Warm red light deep in your core, at the very center of your being. Dark red light expanding up through your chest, washing through your entire body to your shoulders and down through your arms to the palms of your hands, up through your neck. Deep red warmth in your face and through the crown of your skull until the red light envelops you from the outside, penetrates the blood on the inside and brings you into alignment with the natural order. And see now that you are surrounded by absolute darkness. And in the darkness you see inverted red triangle. Red triangle composed of the same deep red light that envelops you and penetrates the depth of your blood. Bring your awareness to the center of the deep red triangle, downward facing point. Feel your body pass through the center of the triangle and the warmth of Kalima spreads through your body. And know that the dark mother is with you. Hear the clash of her sword. Taste the blood in the air, Smell the blood. Feel the ground quake as she dances, dances in circles around your body, bringing into alignment the natural order of things. And bring your awareness now to your heart. Feel your heart filled with blood, blood that glows red with the warm light of Kalima. And with each pump of your heart, feel the red light of Kali spread through your body, permeate your veins. And with each pump of your heart, take your hands and squeeze them into a fist with each pump, opening your hand and squeezing. Opening and squeezing into a fist, pulling the blood through your body. Deep red warmth pulsing through your veins. The essence of the dark mother bringing natural order to your body, cleansing all foreign poison, purifying the land and the foundation of the blood that grants you individuated beauty and purpose. Asserting your authority, asserting your autonomy. And begin to clench the feet, curling the toes in time with the clenching of your fists, pulling the blood down. Deep red light pulsing through the blood that is pulled down from your heart into your belly, down to the perineum, down to the muladhara, the seat of the Dark Mother, through womb and seed and all foundations of life upon earth. Black soil that is fertile and healthy, cleansed of all poisons so that fresh fruit can grow and prosper. And the red light of purification moves through the legs, traveling down to the soles of your feet, where all poison is expelled into the earth and brought to the core, where the fire burns and destroys all adversaries, all barriers in the name of Kali Ma and your own reign of power.