Foreign. Begin by closing your eyes and taking a deep breath. Breathing from the belly up to the chest. And when you exhale, feel total relaxation. In one moment, you will bring your attention to your hands. When you do this, you will allow all sensations and experiences to flow freely without interaction. Bring your attention to your hands. Feel the blood flowing through your hands. Feel your pulse at the tips of your fingers. Feel the blood flowing around the bones and the joints of your fingers. And the warm blood in the palms of your hands. Life force flowing into your hands. Nourishment for the body. And see now that the flesh dissolves and the muscles dissolve and the bone dissolves and all that is left in your hands is the blood and the veins. Bring your awareness to your arms. Feel the deep red blood flowing through the arms. Bringing sustenance and life and strength. Bring your awareness just to the blood and the veins as it courses through both arms. And observe now as the flesh dissolves and the muscles dissolve and the bones dissolve, leaving nothing but the veins and the blood. Bring your awareness to your face. Feel all of the warm blood pumping through your face. Through your eyes and your lips and your tongue. Warm gift of life taken and cultivated. Feel the blood flowing through your brain and your scalp. And observe now as the flesh dissolves and the muscles dissolve and the brain dissolves and the bones dissolve and all that is left is the blood and the veins. Bring your awareness to your chest and belly. With each beat of your strong heart, blood pumps through your organs, carrying nutrients through your chest and your belly. Warm deep red currents flowing, flowing freely. And the flesh dissolves and the muscles dissolve and the organs dissolve and the bones dissolve and all that is left is the veins and the blood. Focus your awareness now at the pelvis. Feel life giving blood force of the earth and of Shakti. Flowing freely, warm and nourishing, sustaining, elevating, grounding. And the flesh dissolves and the muscles dissolve and the bone dissolves and all that remains is the blood and the veins. Bring your attention to the legs. Powerful veins flowing through the legs. Powerful muscles, strong bone. All sustained by life giving richness of the blood, the powerful blood. And the flesh dissolves and the muscle dissolves and the bone dissolves and all that remains is the blood and the veins. Bring your attention to your feet. Warm warm rivers of crimson in the toes pulse at the tips of the toes. Veins wrapped around bone and joint. And blood flowing freely at the soles of your feet. And the flesh dissolves and the muscles dissolve and the bone dissolves and all that remains is the veins and the blood. And feel all that is of the body returning to you. And the bone returns and the muscles return. And the organs return. The brain returns and the flesh returns. And feel now that you are once again becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you're ready, open your eyes.