Lycanthropy is an altered state of consciousness that is explicitly associated with the muladhara, which is partially a spiritual manifestation, but primarily it is a physical manifestation because it is associated with the muladhara. Lycanthropy is a form of blood magic. It is a form of blood ritual. And whenever we enter into a lycanthropic state, we are accessing blood prana as the vehicle for achieving that state. So there are many forms of lycanthropy. And we're not going to discuss lycanthropy in grave detail because that would require multiple lectures. But just for the sake of this discussion and in order to clarify what we are trying to achieve with this ritual, I'm going to give a basic outline of some of the major forms of lycanthropy. So you have the internalized expression of lycanthropy or lycanthropy that is subtly expressed. And most forms of lycanthropy, like, for example, the psychological lycanthropy, wherein an individual behaves in a very animalistic manner, or sometimes they assume the behaviors of an animal without any sort of physical change. This is one type of lycanthropy. And this is the most common type of lycanthropy. This is a form of the lycanthropic state that you can observe in, for example, a mental institution. There are people who are within mental institutions right now in the United States that operate from a lycanthropic state in this way. And then you have the physical manifestation of lycanthropy, which is extremely rare, but is possible to access. And you can access it through this ritual. And I have personally witnessed this, and I've also been informed by other individuals who have conducted this ritual, that physical change is possible through the invocation of Artemis. Now, when we talk about physical lycanthropy, there's a broad spectrum of what a physical change might look like in a lycanthropic state. In its most extreme form, a physical lycanthropic state is an absolute change of the physical structure of the magician in order to assume the form of the animal that is being accessed through the ritual. Like, for example, the werewolf, which is probably what most people are familiar with in terms of lycanthropy, the werewolf state. So the idea is that if you were to achieve a full physical manifestation of werewolfism, you would actually transform into a wolf. So this is one form and this is also a form of lycanthropy that is accounted for in tradition all over the world. Like, for example, in the Americas, you have the windigo, and the windigo is a lycanthrope that is expressed in a full physical manifestation, a full physical change, and so on this spectrum of physical manifestation, you also have very subtle expressions of physical change. Like, for example, changes to the pupils of the eyes, changes to the teeth, rapid fingernail growth, rapid hair growth. These are all potential changes that can result from this ritual. Now, these changes can either be sudden and can occur within the confines of the ritual space, or they can occur after the ritual has been completed. So there can be lingering effects of this invocation, and it's important to be aware of that. So the lycanthropic state, how is it achieved? Traditionally, lycanthropic states are achieved through multiple methods, but they all share blood as the primary pranic channel. So, for example, lycanthropic states can be achieved through ritual consumption of a potion, which could be like a combination of certain drugs that you would take. Lycanthropic states can be achieved through invocation, which could include the use of forms of yoga, nidra, or trance meditation. And traditionally, lycanthropic states can also be reached through infection. Infection of the blood. Now, I have personally witnessed lycanthropic states that have been brought about by use of substances and meditative states. I have not experienced infection. But if you consider the nature of blood prana and the pranic channel of the blood, if the essence of the thing is carried within the blood and that essence enters into an individual, then there is certainly potential for such a shift to occur. So now, what are the uses, the potential uses of lycanthropy? Why would you want to enter into a lycanthropic state? Well, for one, a very intense lycanthropic state will allow you to reach a level of body awareness that is extremely intense, heavily rooted, very animalistic. And there are many uses for that state of consciousness. For one, you can utilize it purely for exploratory purposes. So, for example, if you want to understand the full expression of the body, if you want to understand full expression of the muladhara as a state of consciousness, you can do so through the invocation of Artemis. You can do so through a lycanthropic state. Also, lycanthropic states have traditionally been utilized in warfare. So, for example, we have the Koryos Koryos is an ancient lycanthropic cult, Indo Aryan cult that utilized the lycanthropic state through blood prana ritual in order to improve their proficiency in combat. Similarly, we have the Norse berserker cults. The berserker cults which utilized a combination of meditation and likely utilized drug induced states in order to achieve the berserker state. This is another prominent warrior tradition within Arianism that is heavily rooted in lycanthropy. One other example is the Spartan krypteia. Once again, this is a lycanthropic cult sometimes associated with the wolf. And all of these lycanthropic states that are achieved by these different cults, they allow an individual to become so ferocious in their expression, so furious, that the animalistic state blocks out feelings of pain, eliminates hesitancy. There is a destruction of the inhibitions that would prevent someone from charging directly into danger and risking their body. And that's something that is an important aspect of the muladhara. If you think about a charging elephant going straight into a battlefield, that is what is experienced within the consciousness of the warrior who enters into the lycanthropic state. But there are other uses of lycanthropy, like, for example, in sex ritual, if you seek to experience a very animalistic and rooted expression of sexuality. And there's many reasons why you would want to do this, but if you seek to explore this element of sexuality, lycanthropy is one of, if not the strongest forms of muladhara sexuality. And then you have the use of lycanthropy as a means of connecting with nature. And this leads into the reason why I selected the cult of Artemis as the foundation for this invocation. Because within the cult of Artemis, you have all of the major aspects of lycanthropy in one tradition. You have the warrior aspect, the sexuality and the communion with nature. Sam.