Begin by laying on your back in Savasana. Lay down in a comfortable position with your palms facing upward and close your eyes. Take a deep breath, inhaling from the abdomen up towards the chest. And when you exhale, relax your entire body. Breathe naturally. As you bring your attention to your eyebrow center, feel the weight of your body begin to increase. Feel warmth beginning in your belly and spreading out slowly through your entire body, projecting out to your immediate surroundings. Focus on the warmth and the weight and your eyebrow center. We are now going to perform yoga Nidra. Yoga is a Sanskrit word that means union or unification. Nidra is also a Sanskrit word and it means sleep. When performing yoga Nidra, we want to enter a state of calm, a state between wakefulness and sleep, so that we may rest and explore all layers of consciousness. In just a moment, I am going to ask you to bring your attention to a specific body part. I am also going to ask you to hold your attention to that specific body part and allow all thoughts to flow freely in your mind without interaction. If you feel at any time that your attention is being pulled away from the body part of focus, do not become upset. Just slowly bring your attention back to that specific body part and just relax. Okay, let's begin. Bring your attention to your left foot. Focus only on the left foot and allow all thoughts to pass by without interaction. Feel now that the left foot is becoming very heavy. Boom. You feel it sinking into the ground. Bring your attention to your right foot. Become aware of all of the subtle sensations that you can feel on the right foot. Feel the tips of your toes. Feel the structure of the foot. And feel now that the right foot is becoming very heavy, it is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking into the ground. Slowly bring your attention to your left leg. Feel the weight of the left leg. Feel the muscle and the bone. And feel now that the left leg is becoming very heavy, it is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking into the ground. Bring your attention to your right leg. Make note of all of the subtle sensations that you can feel on the right leg. Feel the warmth of your skin. Feel the weight the right leg. And feel now that the right leg is becoming very, very heavy, it is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking into the ground. Bring your focus to your left hand. Begin to make note of all of the sensations that you can feel on the left hand. Feel the tip of each individual finger. Feel the structure of the bone and the muscle. And feel now that the left hand is becoming very, very heavy, it is very difficult to lift you feel it sinking into the ground. Bring your attention to your right hand. Make note of every feeling that you notice in the right hand. And feel now that the right hand is becoming very heavy. You cannot lift it. You feel it sinking into the ground. Focus now on your left shoulder. Become slowly aware of the increasing weight of your left shoulder. Deeper and deeper, moving closer to the ground. You feel your left shoulder becoming very, very heavy. You cannot lift it. You feel it sinking into the ground. Bring your focus to your right shoulder. Feel the warmth in your shoulder. And become aware of the weight of the shoulder increasing more and more deeper weight as your shoulder becomes very, very heavy. You cannot lift it. You feel it sinking into the ground. Bring your attention to your abdomen. Feel the warmth in your belly. Feel your skin and your muscles. And feel now that the abdomen is becoming very, very heavy. You cannot lift it. You feel it sinking into the ground. Focus now on your chest. Feel the structure of your chest. Feel the blood pumping through your chest. And feel now that your chest is becoming very heavy. You cannot lift it. You feel it sinking into the ground. Bring your focus to your head. Feel the structure of your skull. Feel your eyes and your ears. Feel your nose and your lips. Feel the warmth of your face. And feel now that your head is becoming very heavy. You cannot lift it. You feel it sinking into the ground. See now that you are surrounded by absolute darkness and you can travel anywhere in your mind. See now that you are laying on your back in a deep and old forest filled with many tall trees. Take a deep breath and as you breathe, smell the beautiful scent of the forest. The wildflowers and the soil. See that you are looking up from the forest floor through the thick canopy of green leaves. Deep green. Swaying subtly in the wind. See tiny beams of sunlight passing through the canopy. The warmth of the yellow sun touching your body. Warm forest floor. Beautiful shining light passing through the deep green leaves. See an opening in the canopy of leaves. And watch as white puffy clouds pass slowly by your field of vision. Moving. Crawling slowly across the sky. Deep blue sky and soft white clouds. Clouds obscuring the sun. Yellow glow passing through soft white clouds. See the sun move ever so slightly across the sky. Clouds passing by the sun. Warm beams of light. Warm skin. Soft soil of the forest floor. Hear the wind of the forest passing through the branches of the old tree trees. Wind moving clouds. Rustling leaves. Deep green. Feel the wind move across your body, softly touching the skin. Gentle whispering of wind carrying the scent of of the forest. Hear the trickling water of a nearby stream. Flowing blue water crossing over stones, dipping into valleys. Feel your eyes becoming heavy, heavier. You feel yourself drifting in and out of sleep. Each time you open your eyes, you see that the sun has moved further towards the west. Moving, flowing across the deep blue sky. Heavy eyes drifting. Sleep drifting away. Opening. The colors of the sky begin to shift, changing as the sun sets. See the colors orange and pink, red and purple flowing to blue. See small dots of light begin to appear in the sky. Stars forming in the night sky as the sun begins to set. Greater darkness forming in the night sky. Tiny beams of light fill all the sky as the moon begins to rise. Soft beams of moonlight passing through the darkened canopy of the forest. Cool wind touches your skin as you see the moon pass behind the clouds. In the deep blackness of the night sky. You feel the cool darkness of the night. Here in the far distance of the forest, the slight roar of a faraway waterfall. Hear all of the sounds of the night. The call of the owl. Hear the toads. And the passing of the cool night wind through the deep green leaves. Feel your eyes growing heavy. Warm body falling into warm soil. Cool night wind blanketing warm body. Eyes growing heavier as you begin to drift in and out of sleep. You see the moon with each opening of your eyes has moved further to the west. Heavy eyes, deep sleep. Feel the warmth on your face. Feel beams of light touching your body as you awaken and find yourself on the forest floor in the morning. The sun has risen and you see beams of yellow warm light passing through the canopy of the deep green trees. It Feel the weight returning to your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you are ready, sit up and open your eyes.