Before we begin with the ritual, I want you to find a nice comfortable place and enter into Shavasana by laying on your back, placing your palms up facing the sky, taking a nice deep breath from your abdomen up towards your chest and just relax. In one moment, I'm going to ask you to bring your attention to your right foot. If you feel at any time during this ritual that your attention is being brought away from the body part of focus, I don't want you to become upset. I just want you to relax and slowly bring your attention back to the body part. I want you to allow your thoughts to flow freely. Do not interact with your thoughts. Do not become upset by your thoughts or attached. Just let them flow freely. I want you to take one more deep breath from the abdomen up towards the chest. And now let's begin. I want you to bring your attention to your right foot. Just focus on the right foot. I want you to now feel that the right foot is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking through the floor. Bring your attention to your left foot. I want you to focus on all. All of the sensations that you can feel on the left foot. I want you to make note of each individual toe and the warmth of the blood pumping through your foot. And I want you to now feel that your left foot is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking through the floor. Now I want you to bring your attention to your right leg. I want you to make note of the structure of the leg and every subtle sensation that you can feel. And I want you to now feel that the right leg is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking into the floor. Slowly and deliberately bring your attention to the left leg. Feel the structure of the bones running through your leg and the warmth of the blood. And feel that the left leg is growing very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking through the floor. Bring your attention now to your right hand. I want you to feel the tips of each individual finger, the lines running through your palm, every subtle sensation. And I want you to feel now that the right hand is becoming very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking through the floor. Bring your attention to your left hand. Feel all of the subtle sensations on your left hand. And feel now that the left hand is becoming very, very heavy. It is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking into the floor. Focus now on your right arm and just relax. I want you to feel that your right arm is growing Very, very heavy. You cannot lift it. You feel it sinking into the floor. Bring your attention to your left arm. Feel the blood pumping through your left arm. Feel now that the left arm is becoming very heavy, it is very difficult to lift. You feel it sinking through, through the floor. Bring your attention to your abdomen. Feel the movement of the abdomen with each breath. Feel the blood pumping through the abdomen. Feel the weight and the warmth of your body. And feel now that your abdomen is becoming very heavy. You feel it sinking through the floor. Slowly bring your attention to your chest. Make note of all of the subtle sensations that you can feel on your chest. And now feel that your chest is becoming very, very heavy. You feel it sinking into the floor. Bring your attention to your head. Feel the eyes and the ears, the warmth of your face, your nose, your lips. And feel now that your head is becoming very, very heavy. You cannot lift it. You feel it sinking through the floor. I want you to now notice that you are suspended in absolute darkness. I can bring you anywhere that I want you to go. And now I want you to see that you are now on a beach by a large body of water. Feel that your feet are sinking into the sand and the sand has risen to your ankles. Feel the warmth of the sand on your skin. Far off the coastline, you can see a storm developing. You hear rain in the distance and you see flashes of lightning followed by the low rumble of thunder. You notice that the sky is beginning to change color from pink to blue to red and orange and a beautiful swirl. You notice to your left that there is a small temple resting on the coastline. You begin to walk to the temple. As you walk, you feel your eyes growing hidden, heavy. You decide to close your eyes and simply allow your body to carry you to the temple. As you reach the door of the temple, you open your eyes and immediately begin to perceive the hum of chanting. You open the door of the temple and walk inside. The room is very dim, but you can make out the shape of many robed monks sitting in the lotus position. The smell of incense reaches your nostrils. You feel the subtle vibration of singing bowls. The monks chant in unison. The Omn. You decide to sit with the monks. You close your eyes and listen to the chanting. You hear the mantra of Aum into your consciousness. You feel the vibration of Aum enter your consciousness. You begin to identify with the Aum. The Ohm becomes heat in your body. You feel the power of the heat lifting your body. You begin to rise. The Om permeates the cosmos. The sound of Om grows louder as you continue to rise, Sam. The rising ceases. And now you feel your body return to the temple floor, imbued with the power of Omn. The chanting ceases. You return to your body. And when you're ready, you sit up and open your eyes.