Begin by entering into a meditative asana. Ensure that your spine is vertically aligned with the sahasra at the top and the muladhara at the bottom. Take a deep breath and when you exhale, feel your entire body relax. In just a moment you will direct your attention to the solar plexus. Allow all experiences to be passive observation of that which disturbs and entices absent beyond attachment. And all things be as they are without interaction. Let's begin. Bring your awareness now to the solar plexus. Feel that there is a vortex forming at the solar plexus. A whirlpool dragging all things closer and closer to the belly. Feel your awareness being pulled by the whirlpool. Slowly, slowly pull towards the belly. And with each breath that you take, feel the air moving through the vortex. And when you exhale, it remains in the belly, setting a spark, a small flame in the darkest depths of the self in the womb of creation. And the vortex pulls stronger and you feel your awareness dragging quicker and quicker. You feel spinning, twisting. You see the cosmos twirling and you fall with it into the vortex, into the depths of the blackness, into the eternal flame resting deep in the belly at the manipura. Now bring your awareness to an idea. This can be any idea, any thought that flows through the airs of the mind. Focus very intently on that idea. Focus. See this idea transform into a small piece of wood kindling. Watch as it floats, floats in the wind, remaining within the realm of the vishudi at the throat, the seat of the wind. Visualize a small golden weight with a piece of string attached to it. Tie the string around the kindling. Watch as it gains weight. Weight to an idea. The kindling dragged down by the golden weight. Down, down through the throat, all the way to the darkness of the belly where it rests in the eternal flame, feeding the fire and passion. Passion is born attached to the idea that now acts as fuel, prana to the body. From the vulgar aspect to the subtle, the idea is given birth in the seat of creation, in the cosmic womb, at the rising sun. Feel the energy of the idea manifesting. Fuel to the body, fuel to the flame. And the flame grows stronger. Bring your awareness now to your legs. Just focus on the legs. Now take a deep breath. And when you exhale, feel all of the weight of your body slump down, falling into the legs. This is the weight of the earth expressed in the body. Visualize the earth within your legs. Visualize it as a pile of dead leaves, brown and orange. And see now the blowing of the wind traveling from the throat down to the legs. Whipping up the leaves, shooting them up into the air, pulling the earth from its foundation, leading the leaves into the fire. The burning flame in the belly fueling the fire, the engine of the body. Burning strong. Prana expanding throughout all aspects of the self. This is the fuel of the body. This is the transportation of pain, physical sensation to fumos deep in the gut. Transforming pain into will, into passion. Bring your awareness now to the field of spirit which rests at the crown, just above the head and surrounds the entire body, connecting you to planes beyond the presentation. Feel that you are surrounded by water. The water of the spirit. It surrounds and fills and carries with it the hope and music and love and understanding of all things in the cosmos. Visualize now your mouth and nose opening and the waters pouring into the body, down the throat, into the gut. And the fire which burns strong transforms water of spirit into steam, giving power to the self, kindling fuel. Fuel for thumos, for the inner fire, for the rising sun. And the fire becomes more. It becomes the sun. It becomes the undying light. The place of birth and of passion, devotion, will. And it is expressed through all elements of the self in union. This is yoga. Feel now that you are once again becoming aware of your body. Feel that you are becoming aware of your surroundings. And when you're ready, open your eyes.