We are going to perform a meditation on the image of Yggdrasil, the World Tree. This is the tree in the Norse tradition that connects man to the Nine Worlds, all aspects of the cosmos. We'll begin by entering into Savasana, or if you prefer, your meditative asana. Breathe deeply from the belly up to the chest. And when you exhale, relax your entire body. Feel now that your spine is becoming the trunk of the ash tree. Feel the strength and the sturdiness of the tree. The tree is the pathway to consciousness. The trunk is the pillar, just as the spine is the pillar. And the roots and. And branches of the tree run through your body, just as the nerves run through the spine into your body, connecting you to consciousness, to all that surround you. Feel now the branches of Yggdrasil, the World Tree. Growing slowly, growing, extending out first into your right arm. Feel your breath bring nutrients to the tree. As the branches wrap around the bone in your right arm, the branches become entangled in the muscles of your arms. Growing, extending out to the tips of your fingers, soaking in the blood so that the leaves may grow. Feel the branches of the tree growing, creeping along the bone of your left arm, twisting into the muscle, slowly extending out to the tips of your fingers, soaking in the blood so that the leaves may grow. Feel now the branches extending up through your neck, slowly growing into your face. Branches wrapping around your skull, extending, descending into your brain, soaking in the blood so that the leaves may grow. Feel the roots of the tree Twisting, tangling roots bring sustenance to the tree. Feel the roots growing, slowly creeping into your right leg. Slowly crawling around the bone, taking hold of the muscle, Growing down, down to the bottom of your foot, soaking in the blood so that the tree may live. Feel now the roots growing deeper down your left leg, wrapping around the bone, entangling the muscle all the way to the bottom of your foot, soaking in the blood so that the tree may live. Feel that you have become the world Tree. Feel the weight of the limbs and the trunk and the roots, pulling you down into the earth until you are one with the soil and you are surrounded by absolute darkness. See now in the darkness the gods call to you. Find who is calling it. Feel now the weight returning to your body. Become again aware of your surroundings. And when you're ready, open your eyes.