# How_to_Enjoy_Life_in_the_Kali_Yuga

Transcription Date: 2025-08-20T09:16:18.805Z
Duration: 0h 39m 24s

---

[Speaker A]: Good evening, everyone. Welcome to my lecture on the Kali Yuga. Let's get right into it. The Kali Yuga. This is one of the most often discussed concepts within Tantra in the Indian tradition. The Kali Yuga is a very popular concept within contemporary esoteric circles for two primary reasons. One reason is because the Hare Krishnas Prabhupada really popularized the problem of the Kali Yuga. In discussing the role of Ka consciousness in escaping some of the poisonous aspects of modernity. Prabhupada, who was the founder of the Hare Krishna movement, depicted the Kali Yuga as something morally evil. He emphasized the poisonous qualities of the age. And so he presented a moralistic perspective that would lead the Hare Krishna to certain conclusions regarding proper behavior. And it fit very well into his organizational framework. He could present asceticism to Westerners in a manner that would be very agreeable to whatever condition they were facing in life. So, for example, a lot of the. The especially the early Hari Krishna devotees, they would come from very difficult backgrounds, they would come from broken homes, a lot of them would have drug problems, and they would find the Hare Krishna movement as a place of refuge. And so the entire movement was framed in relation to this age of quarrel. For those of you who don't know, the Kali Yuga is also known as the age of quarrel. So this is an age of conflict. And we'll talk about that more in a moment. But Prabhupada, through the Hare Krishna movement, played a big role in presenting the Kali Yuga to contemporary audiences as something that is morally bad, something to be avoided, something to be escaped, a time of pure suffering. Also, we have the influence of the traditionalists, specifically the mid 20th century perennialists such as Julius Evola and Savitri Devi. They had a major influence as well on the presentation of the Kali Yuga as something to be avoided, something to be transcended, something to reject. So these perennialists, they had a lot of political ideation that influenced their interpretation of the Eastern tradition. For Evola and Debbie, their association was with not just fascism, but, as Evola said, super fascism. So the idea that you could go beyond the conditions of the fascist movement and integrate more of a spiritual center to the political movement in order to fight the conditions of modernity. So for these perennialists who integrated this strong political ideology into traditional assessment of the Indian concept of the Yuga, the Kali Yuga represented everything that was wrong with modernity. And in fact, Evolians tend to associate modernity directly with the Kali Yuga. So what is the Kali Yuga. We need to have an accurate definition of the Kali Yuga before we can assess why Prabhupada and the traditionalists may have taken such a negative view of the Kali Yuga or presented the Kali Yuga in such a negative way. And we need to have a proper definition in order to understand how we can now, in the contemporary setting, relate to the concept of the Yuga. So I've. I've defined the Kali Yuga many times in the past. I'm not going to go into too much detail, but I'm going to give a brief analysis of what the Kali Yuga is. If you want to know more about the Kali Yuga, you can go to the Ride the Tiger Yoga Patreon and find our massive back catalog of lectures where you can learn more about the nature of the Kali Yuga. Also some essays that I've written on the subject. But to put it simply, within the Tantric assessment of time, there's this idea of time being cyclical. So linear time is also a potential Tantric perspective that can be taken. But linear time is associated with monotheism. So the idea is that there is this God force that is the foundation of the cosmos, and he creates everything. Everything advances from this singular point and expands out to a definite end. So you can see this, for example, in the Christian tradition, with the creation of the universe, everything expands from one point in a linear fashion. There's a progression, and then finally there's this moment of return to divinity, the salvation. Okay, that is a monotheistic perspective. The polytheistic perspective is that there is no singular foundation for creation, but that creation is this eternal movement, this eternal activity of many forms that are playing off of one another. And in that perspective, we have the cycle of the Yugas. So this is a perennial idea, and this is something that can be found in many different traditions. The. The Greeks had the tradition of the Golden Age, the Silver Age, the Bron, a Bronze Age, and then finally the Iron Age. So that's just one example, but there's many examples of this. Generally speaking, this progressive assessment of time did not become popular until Abrahamism began to spread all over the world. So our perspective of life as being this singular progression from birth to death without a cyclical component is primarily influenced by the Abrahamic tradition. The concept of reincarnation which we find in the east is intimately tied to this idea of the Yuga. So within the Indian tradition, we have four Yugas. The division of the ages into four is very common. Like I said, the Greeks had the golden, silver, Bronze and Iron Age or Dark Age. And the Indians have the Satya Yuga, Treta Yuga, Tripara Yuga and Kali Yuga. Right. Now this is not necessarily an advancement from the Satya Yuga to the Kali Yuga, you can begin your perspective of the cycle of time within any of those Yugas. And that is your foundational point for understanding this progression. So we could say that everything starts in the Dvapara Yuga. If we are incarnated into the Dvapara Yuga, for us, everyone living now, we would say that we are beginning in the Kali Yuga. So our cycle begins in the Kali Yuga. Okay? Now one thing that needs to be clarified is the layering of the experience of time. So within this cycle, we don't just have one master cycle, we have many cycles. So for example, we have the master cycle of the Yugas, which is something that affects the entire cosmos, everything. But then we have smaller cycles. For example, on the planet Earth, we have in many places, not, not in every place, but in many places we have four seasons, okay? So we have spring, summer, fall, winter. And these shifts between the seasons can correspond to the four ages of the Yuga cycle or the metallurgical cycle of the Hellenistic tradition. So within this foundation of this cyclical development, we have the ability to perceive the macro expression of the cycle of time within these micro expressions, as above, so below. This is one of the applications of that axiom of magical practice. We have our own cyclical lifespan as well. We have birth, childhood, the adult age, and then the elderly condition that we enter into, which also corresponds to these cycles. Now this is very important because this had a major influence on the perspective of traditionalists like Julius Evola and Savitri Devi. And I want to take charge just a moment before I get to this next section to address a very interesting question in the comments here. So Acura357 says, Do you think CERN was made so that they can keep changing timelines by smashing particles and have the remote viewers check to see if they are in favorable timeline? Maybe the anti enlightenment. Well, okay, this is actually very interesting. So there is a tendency towards a manipulation of perspective of time and the elimination of quote, unfavorable conditions within that timeline, within that experience of the cyclical nature of time? And this actually feeds directly into the discussion that I'm about to have regarding the traditionalists. Okay, regardless of the foundation for the manipulation of the experience of time, whether it's at the macro expression or the micro Expression, there is a split between those who are willing to engage with these cycles directly and those who wish to transcend these cycles entirely. Okay? When I talk about Evola and I talk about Savitri Devi, I'm talking about two thinkers who were very much in the camp of transcendence. Transcendence is the way. It's the same with Prabhupada. Prabhupada was arguing for a life of asceticism leading to transcendence and to remain in transcendence. So the idea is that you want to escape the cycle of time. Eva called this the man against time. You want to escape the cycle of time and then do not return to the cycle of time, just escape. Everything within the cycle of time is an expression of profane individuality. Okay? And you can find that in the works of Prabhupada and Savitri Devi and many others like Miguel Serrano. It's the same principle. Now, this perspective is influenced by Dakshinashara. Dakshinashara is the right hand path. So this is the advancement from the Muladhara in our present Yuga. It's the advancement from the Muladhara to the Sahasra. That's what occurs within Dakshinashara. Okay? This is a transcendent movement. So we're starting at the root and we're ending at the crown in order to escape the conditions of materiality. Now, notice this. When we examine the cycles of time, they are associated with in our micro expression of the seasons and other aspects of life that we experience directly. They are associated with the movements of the stars. So the astrological influence is at play here. Now, astrology is something that is very tamasic, meaning that it is part of the material condition and it is a divine feminine practice. So if you are trying to achieve transcendence, which means you're trying to escape this cyclical expression of life, whether that's taking. Taking the form of Samsara or Maya or whatever other condition you want to apply. If you're trying to reach transcendence, what you're doing is you're trying to leave Shakti, the divine feminine, which is associated with the material foundation, and you're trying to move towards transcendence. You're trying to move towards the divine masculine expression which we associate with Shiva. So there is a deep association between this urge and monotheism. Monotheism is a condition that fits very well within a transcendent framework of practice. In fact, if we're practicing Dakshinashara, we want to operate under the assumption that even if we are born into individuation, this is an illusion and the primary foundation of consciousness. In truth, the Higher Self is actually oneness, the God consciousness principle. And so we are to advance towards oneness in order to escape the conditions of materiality. That is the monotheistic perspective that we take when we practice Dakshinashara, at least on principle. Now, if you are trapped within the confines of the Dakshinashara perspective, it is very difficult to see value in. In the Vamishara or left hand perspective. The Vamashara perspective is this. We are tempered in oneness, but we want to bring our awareness to the true self, being one of many forms or being part of a polytheistic whole. That type of expression that I described earlier, we have the linear time expressed in the monotheistic perspective. The linear time is progressive Dakshinashara ascending path going from the Muladhara to the Sahasra. And there is a hierarchy that is present. Now, Vamashara is different. It is a collapse of this ascending path so that you have expressions of consciousness that are bouncing off of one another in a polytheistic experience of the plural cosmos. And that is the foundation of our consciousness in Vamashara. Julius Evola, Prabhupada, Savitri Devi Miguel Serrano and many of the other traditionalists were not practitioners of Amishara. They were not practitioners of the Left Hand path. They were within a Dakshinashara framework. So they were experiencing the hierarchy of consciousness which led them to emphasize Spirit or the Sahasra or the Crown, and as a superior condition. Okay, now, if you have Abrahamic tendencies, then you're going to have transcendent tendencies, and you're going to want to escape conditions that you find to be unfavorable. So what is the most unfavorable age for someone who has an orientation towards divine masculinity? That would be the Kali Yuga, because the Kali Yuga exists within a master age of Shakti. So you can divide the Yugas in half. Okay? On the masculine side, we have the Satya Yuga and the Treta Yuga, and that's associated with the master age of Shiva. Then on the feminine side, you have the Dvapara Yuga and the Kali Yuga. This is associated with the master age of Shakti. In the center we have the metaphor of the flood or the moving from contemplative space, unexpressed contemplation. In the master age of Shiva, where things are either collected into one or exist within the mind. Of God experiencing himself. And then we have the flood, which is like the birth of a child, the amniotic fluid, everything spreads out. The space of Bhuvanishvari and the time principle of Kali leads to the filling of space and leads to the plurality that we experience, beginning in the Indian tradition with the Dapara Yuga and advancing towards the Kali Yuga. Okay, so that's what occurs in this split between those two master ages. The Jopara Yuga is the beginning of the movement towards a very pure, potent, raw expression of divine femininity within the age. But the Kali Yuga is the most intense expression of divine femininity within the Yugas. Within the Kali Yuga, consciousness begins in the muladhara. What that means is that our experience, our base experience of consciousness when we were born into this age starts with the material foundation, that is the vulgar expression of consciousness, the gross expression of consciousness. So, like my hat here? Well, it's obvious to experience this hat because it exists as a material form. I can hold it, I can wear it. It's very obvious. Now, the emotions that I experience by wearing this hat, they're not so obvious. I can feel them. There's a physical component because this is an active expression of consciousness. But that is something that is within the manipura. It is elevated a bit from the material foundation in the Muladhara. So it's not as obvious to perceive. And we would associate that foundation of consciousness with the Dropara Yuga. If I think about my hat, if I just have ideas about my hat, well, those ideas, that's really hard for people to experience. It exists inside of my mind. Right? And so we can't experience those ideas unless they are expressed. I'm expressing those ideas right now in the form of words. Okay, so that foundation of consciousness is the foundation you experience in the Treta Yuga. And then finally, I have the generalized concept of unification which we associate with spirit, where there is no real division between me and this hat. We are all just one. We are all expressions of God which we associate with the Sahasra chakra, and that is the foundation of consciousness in the Satya Yuga. So if your orientation is that the Sahasra is the exper, the, sorry, the superior expression of consciousness, then the age that you would consider to be most inferior would be the Kali Yuga, because that is the age of the Muladhara as the foundational experience of consciousness. And. And that's the furthest away you can get from divine masculinity in the Sasha. Okay, now this explains why the traditionalists who have that transcendent orientation would depict the Kali Yuga in such poor terms. But there is a secret to the Kali Yuga that you can only truly understand if you've gone through the process of Dakshina Shara, or the Right Hand Path, achieve transcendence. You've reached the peak of the mountain, but you don't remain at the peak. To remain at the peak is to remain in a state of transcendence. Instead, what you do is you cross over to the other side of the mountain. And once you do that, and you start the descent. This is the descending path of yoga, which we call Vamashara, or the Left Hand Path. So in the descending path of yoga, the Kali Yuga takes on a new context. All right? No longer are we experiencing the Kali Yuga from the raw expression of birth, where we engage with direct suffering, or what the Buddhists call true suffering. Now, once we have ascended to the peak, our new foundation of consciousness is transcendence or emptiness. So with this foundation of emptiness, we can now descend. We can practice the Left Hand Path. And in practicing the Left Hand Path, those things that we once considered to be degenerate, immoral, poisonous, wrong, destructive, we seek means by which we can transform those things into nectar. This is the yoga of nectar that you find in the highest yoga tantra, the Vajragini Sadhana, within Vajrayana Buddhism, for example, where I take all of these things that like, for example, Julius Evola would consider to be wicked, like blue jeans or rock and roll music. And if you don't believe me, you. You can find essays where Julius Evola ripped into the concept of women wearing blue jeans. He thought they should be put into a concentration camp for doing that. Or he talked about how horrific rock and roll music was. He especially hated the Beatles. So we reach a condition now. And by the way, imagine if Julius Evola were to hear some of the black metal that a lot of his fans listen to. Oh, man, he would not like that. But we, we reach this condition now where all of these things that caused us suffering when we interacted with them, promiscuity and sexuality, alcohol, drugs, loud music, all of these things that we associate with the Dionysian. We now try to re examine these things from a foundation of emptiness so that we can integrate them. And instead of causing suffering within us, these things now lead to pleasure. Pleasure. Now this is the foundation of accessing desirous attachment or the experience of direct pleasure from a foundation of emptiness. It is one of the principles of Tantra. But it is one that is rarely expressed because the left hand aspect, which has not been properly represented publicly in modernity until the formation of this school, the left hand expression of Tantra is something that is an embarrassment for most schools. The Vajrayana Buddhists would not directly describe, for example, their Karma Mudra practice or their sexual Tantra. They especially would not present the Karma Mudra practice as something that is designed to create pleasure, satisfactory experience of life. And this is why so many people find yoga to be simultaneously appealing, but also repulsive. Because it's easy to see how yoga could be something that is very empowering to the self. But at the same time, it seems like the entire practice is just leading to a dead end, leading to nihilism. And if you take the transcendent perspective of progressive time, without the achievement of the plurality of polytheism and the self deification of Vamashara, then yoga does lead to a nihilistic conclusion. But if you understand the Vamashara perspective, you can escape this nihilism. You can advance to a point where you can achieve bliss in life. And that requires the experience of reincarnation. But not reincarnation through physical death, reincarnation through conceptual death. And that is what we try to achieve in Dakshina Shara. So if you want to enjoy life in the Kali Yuga, first you have to escape its traps. You have to escape its enticements. This is what it means to leave Samsara. And there's many ways that you can do this, many different methods that you can use to escape samsara. But all of these methods fit within the general framework of Dakshinashara. So everything starts with the right hand path. You have to escape true suffering by escaping your compulsive attachment to material conditions. Okay? This begins by eliminating your assumption that the things that you're experiencing which are causing you pain are things that are out of your control. You have to take responsibility for your perception of external circumstance. If you submit yourself to the influence of the external world, then you release control and you hand it over to the stars. You say, I am just a product of my environment. I have no will. Yoga begins when you assert your will to power. That is the start of the ascending path. You say, I have the power to transform my consciousness into Buddhahood, which we call self deification. You look at yourself and you say, why should something external to me be the God principle in my life? Why not me? Why can't I be the God principle in my life? You look at yourself and you ask, do I want to become a God? And if you can say yes to that principle of acting as the foundation of your experience of consciousness, directing your life, at that point, you can begin to express your will to power. Now, it might seem contradictory to express your will to power by practicing the right hand pat. Because after all, it isn't the right hand path something that we utilize in order to destroy the self. Well, that's true. We do utilize the right hand path in order to destroy the self. But that is an empowering experience because the greatest poison that we are born with is our soul expression. All of the things that we associate with our personality and those things are attached to those external conditions. Those external conditions which direct us. They direct everything in our lives. So we have to release ourselves from those external conditions. And we do this by practicing asceticism. This is the principle of practice that Julius, Evila, Savitri, Devi Prabhupada, all of these individuals who were part of the advancement of Tantric thought in modernity, these are the practices that they were presenting to the public because they wanted the reader to understand that it is time to escape. It is time to escape the conditions of modernity. It is time to revolt against the modern world. And the modern world in this case is in the evolian sense, is the social superstructure which creates a condition that defines the life of man prior to reaching transcendence. Okay, now what do you do with that transcendence? We attempt to destroy the self so that we can rebuild the self as something stronger. When you have a transcendent experience, there is a new attachment that forms. And that attachment is to the void. You experience the void, and it is a very clarifying experience. Finally, you are free from the compulsions that would lead you to all types of addiction. Addiction in pornography, addiction to alcohol, addiction to social interaction, Whatever it is, you have released yourself from these addictions. You've achieved the monastic state. Okay, what do we. What do we do with this? Do we stay in a cave and detach entirely from modernity and reject it and never come back? Well, that is one thing that you can do. But it's very hard to enjoy life within the Kali Yuga if that's the condition that you subject yourself to. Instead, we may take an alternative perspective on the age. Instead of saying that this age is the age of quarrel and great suffering, we say this is the age of life and great pleasure. Because you cannot have one thing without its opposite. You cannot have pleasure without pain. You cannot have hot without cold. You cannot have strong without weak. So if you are going to experience pleasure, you have to be willing to experience the existence of its opposite. That does not mean, however, that you have to be defined by the opposite. If you are experiencing pleasure, you do not have to be defined by the existence of suffering. You do not have to be compelled by this. And you can be compelled by both sides of the coin. You can be compelled by the experience of pain, and you can also be led around by the experience of pleasure. But if you have a foundation of transcendence where you have achieved emptiness and you develop a yogic practice that allows you to reach that state of emptiness which we call Nirvikalpa samadhi, and remain there and hold it as a counter to those things that would pull you away from your foundational autonomy, strip you of your godhood, and place your godhood upon something external, whether that's a president or the boss at your job or an old man in the sky with a beard. Whatever form that takes, your divinity is stripped and is given to somebody else. That is when you start to become a slave. That is when you are under compulsion. So the idea of yoga in Vamishara is to maintain your autonomy, maintain the autonomy of your consciousness and interact with the physical structure, knowing full well that shakti is chaos. The divine feminine is chaos. So we can't control everything, and we wouldn't want to control everything. We value delusion just as much as we value awareness. We value drunkenness just as much as we value sobriety. But the drunkenness has to be entered into in a manner that is empowering. And the sobriety has to be entered into in a manner that is empowering. And so a dance occurs. It's a beautiful dance, a cosmic dance that hopefully lasts for eternity. Because everything in life becomes a process of generation and completion. Life becomes sex. And when we are doing the dance, we are having sex with life. And we when we reach the completion stage, this is orgasm. This is an orgasmic experience. But we don't want to reach a point where we have the final orgasm, because the final orgasm is whenever you have abandoned your autonomy and you go into nothingness. You reach that nihilistic conclusion that is at the end of the monotheistic progression of time. That's the final orgasm. And we don't want that. We want to keep having sex, hopefully forever. So what we do is we realize that life is now a series of ascent, descent, ascent, descent, ascent, descent. When we are ascending, we are in the midst of having Sex. And then we have the orgasm, the orgasmic experience. And then we descend and we experience the pleasure of the orgasmic experience. And this is the generation stage completion. Generation stage completion, Generation stage completion. So that's what it is. Life itself becomes one giant pleasurable experience of having sex just by existing. Just by existing, you can reach a point of meditation where your entire life feels like this blissful experience of sexual expression. And it doesn't mean that you have to be engaged in physical sex with a woman or a man or whatever you're into. You can just have that sense of pleasure that you would get from that raw sexual experience, just walking around, just feeling the breeze, drinking water, drinking beer, doing anything. And so life becomes a process of maximizing pleasure. And why not? Why shouldn't it be? The only reason why the maximizing of pleasure is a problem is because for most people, if they try to maximize pleasure, they become a slave of some external force because they haven't gone through the process of dinashara. And so they do not have command over the progression of their life, or at least some degree of command that allows them to escape compulsion and slavery within modernity. So if you are able to empower yourself through that transcendent experience, then life becomes pleasure. And you try to live the most pleasurable life you can. And you try to create pleasure in people that you care about. Because after all, sex with a partner tends to be a lot more fun than sex by yourself. Now, the one final thing I want to discuss here is the concept of the uchista. So the uchista, uchista means leftover. And this is a very important concept in Vamashara. You could say that we are all the leftover children of Kali. Within the Kali Yuga, we are all her leftover children. And when we inherit the conditions of the Kali Yuga, we have to be creative in the way that we address these conditions. We have inherited a kingdom of trash. What do we do with this trash? Do we view the garbage dump as just a garbage dump? Or do we see it as a bread basket, as something that we can dig into and build something from? Charles Manson said garbage dump. Why are you called a garbage dump? He saw in the garbage dump the things that were left over by the prevailing order that we can tap into. It just so happens that the prevailing order of society is defined by samsaric conditions. It is not defined by self empowerment of God mention, it is defined by samsara. It is defined by the Saturnian urge. And presently it is defined by yahweh. And even the atheists who are in a state of compulsion are defined by the influence of Yahweh. So what do we do with this kingdom that we inherit, the ruins? You know, Evola talked about men among the ruins. What do we do with these ruins? Well, we have to be like the rat. We have to see these ruins not as ruins and not as trash, but as potential. You know, I have two pet rats. I love them very much. Their names are Ball and Moloch. We gave them traditional Jewish names. But the association between the Jews and the rats is actually not a very good association because rats exist in the outskirts, in the trash. They don't exist in temples and in the hierarchy of Abrahamic social order. Rats are outcasts, they're problematic, and they're revolutionaries. And what they do is they find trash. And it's a. It's a fascinating thing to watch, but they pick up trash, they take the trash back to their home that they've built for themselves and they construct something out of it. And they're flexible and they're willing to get dirty. They're willing to find the way through the cracks. They're willing to embrace that which is left over, that which is dirty, that which is uchista. And uchista is of the left hand path. We want to talk about, like leftover magic. Uchista magic. There are two substances which are the most potent substances in uchista magic, and that is semen and period blood. Okay, well, these are leftover substances. Instead of practicing semen retention in Vamashara, often you just come and then you have this leftover substance which is very potent for women. Instead of being kept away from society during their period, you access that which is left over, the blood, you integrate it. Well, those things that's kind of dirty for most people. That's something that's shocking. But that's the thing. You've got to see the dirt, you've got to see what's left over. You've got to see what's shocking and you've got to embrace it. And when you can do that from a point of self control, self development and transcendence, then you can experience that cosmic dance, that beautiful expression of the Kali Yuga. Thank you all very much for attending.

