Here we have chapter two of Revolt against the Modern World, a chapter where Julius Evola really doubles down on his degenerate solar masculinity poisoning esotericism, taking all of the nuance out of the Indian tradition and at the same time applying this really fucked up perspective to the European tradition. So let's get into it. Chapter two is titled Regality. I'm going to read from some passages in chapter two and then explain why Evola is so weakened by this obsession with transcendence and solar masculinity. Okay. Evola states, and I quote, every traditional civilization is characterized by the presence of beings who, by virtue of their innate or acquired superiority over the human condition, embody within the temporal order the living and efficacious presence of a power that comes from above. End quote. Okay, so what is Evola talking about here? Well, he's basically saying that traditional civilization hinges upon the presence of a regal figure who assumes power through their transcendent nature. Now, there is some truth to this in that on the right hand path, it is necessary for anyone to escape the compulsive aspects of the divine feminine or the lunar aspect by approaching transcendence. And that's what Evola is really talking about from a foundational standpoint. Now, he takes it further because he holds this bias against those things that are lunar. So what Evola is saying is that there is innate or acquired superiority over the human condition. See, this is a further example of Evola having a problem with immanence. He sees the transcendent as being superior to the imminent. And so he never really approaches the left hand. Evila is totally beholden to a right hand ascension, a forever ascension where you approach Shiva or the divine masculine, and you remain within Shiva. It's a very cashmere Shaivism approach to tantra. And Evola has represented this with the popularity of Revolt against the modern world, as well as Ride the Tiger. But of course, this is an example of Evola being trapped in duality because he fails to escape Guna, he fails the initiative challenge of Tantra, which is to, yes, go through the first initiation of the right hand and achieve transcendence. But then afterwards, you have to descend. You have to go down the mountain after you've reached the peak so that you can integrate the self, you can integrate the material. And instead of seeing the material as this inferior state that needs to constantly be ward against, you, see the material as a source of medicine, a poison that you can transform into medicine. Eva then goes on to describe the cult of the Pontifex So the cult of the pontifex, okay, this is very interesting. In the traditional world we have this idea of the leader of men building a bridge to the gods. I've talked about this before when discussing the caste system and, and the greatest representation of this is the Chakravartin in the Indian tradition. So the idea is that you build civilization up from the foundation. And in the caste system this is represented by the Shudra giving birth to the Vaishya, giving birth to the Kshatya, giving birth to the Brahman, and then the Chakravartan who is like a warrior priest, who then unites all of the aspects of the caste system, all of the castes, and then touches the gods. So the Pontifex here or the Chakravartin extends his hand to the gods and then the gods flow through the civilization. Now the issue here with Evola is that when he discusses this role of the Pontifex or the Chakravartin, he's emphasizing the transcendent quality of this figure. So he's not recognizing that great kings come to power through a combination of immanence and transcendence. Evola in fact discusses that it is the non human quality or the transcendent quality of the king that grants the king his authority. So essentially this is a heavily transcendent, heavily solar idea of the divine right of kings. Quoting Evelyn. Traditional civilizations, unlike those of decadent and later times, completely ignored the merely political dimension of, of supreme authority, as well as the idea that the roots of authority lay in mere strength, violence, or natural and secular qualities such as intelligence, wisdom, physical courage, and a minute concern for the collective material well being. So of course, Evola here is heavily emphasizing the transcendent quality. And he's not denying completely that physical courage and wisdom and intelligence are important. But what he's doing is he is stripping the king of the imminent expression of these things, immanence being the presence of God, in the qualities of violence, strength, intelligence, wisdom, physical courage. So according to Evola, the power to govern is not at all associated with connection to the Shudra or connection to the lower caste. The legs of the king are therefore undercut completely by Evola. He doesn't recognize the fact that for the king to gain authority, he must recognize the divinity of the common man, just as he would recognize the divinity of the warrior or the divinity of the priest. And this is where Evola's elitism really destroys his capacity for understanding the depth of something like the Indian tradition, because it is not true that the traditional world was Elitist in the fashion that Evola is or was an elitist. The traditional world definitely recognized the divinity of every caste. And if you were going to be a Chakravartin, you had to recognize this divinity, otherwise you would create decadence. See, Evola is very concerned with decadence, but he doesn't see the degree to which he has set the stage for the king to become decadent in his elitism, in his embrace of all that is solar. Because if the king does not unite with the divine feminine expression in a manner of yogic union, he will fall to decadence. And this is something that has been seen in every great Aryan civilization. It has fallen due to this problem. Of course, it's funny to think that Evola believed that this obsession with solar transcendence would lead to the rise of some great patriarch who would lead the nation. Because obviously the cult of Evola has been placed into a ghetto of right wing extremism which fails to recognize the beauty of the chaotic feminine expression. Quoting again from Evola, he states that for this reason kingship was the supreme form of government and was believed to be in the natural order of things. It did not need physical strength to assert itself, and when it did, it was only sporadically. It imposed itself mainly and irresistibly through the spirit. End quote. So yes, what Evelyn is touching upon here is the fact that an effective ruler is able to convince people to follow his rule based upon his excellence. However, there is too much of an emphasis placed upon the spirit because the spirit is only one small element of rulership. And Tantric analysis of governance emphasizes the role of governance in a manner that you would emphasize taking control of the human body. So basically, society is seen as a body, as a mirror projection of the human body. And the work that you would do to integrate your personal body is the work that you would do as a ruler to develop the health of society. Now, if in a yogic practice you emphasize the transcendent spiritual element over the imminent expression, what happens is your prana is drawn to the Sahasra and you begin to weaken yourself. You lose touch with the barbaric, uncivilized aspect of the self and this uncivilized barbarism, which is a great concern for evil. And he speaks about the dangers of this barbarism over and over again in, in his rants against jazz music and blue jeans and rock and roll and things of that nature. He's very concerned with this presence of the divine, feminine, uncivilized aspect of humanity in society. So the idea is that the king is supposed to be detached from these things. He's supposed to be better than these things, above these things, when in reality, the best king is one who can integrate these things completely, who can take these poisons of shakti and transform them into medicine. And in fact, if the king is unable to do this, according to Tantra, then he is not worthy of being a king. The kind of king that Evola is describing in this chapter is the kind of king that allows the barbarians to smash at his walls because he's become so civilized and so detached from the divine feminine that he loses connection to his essential animalistic nature. A further expression of the obsession with solar masculinity is found in the following quote from Evola. In tradition, kingship was often associated with the solar symbol. In the king, people saw the same glory and victory proper to the sun and to the light, the symbols of the superior nature which every morning overcome darkness. Every day he rises on Horus's throne as king of the living, just like his father, Ra the son. And also I have decreed that you must eternally rise as king of the north and of the south, on the south seat of Horus, like the sun. These sayings from the ancient Egyptian royal tradition bear a striking similarity to the sayings of the Persian tradition, in which the king is believed to be of the same stock as the gods. So here it's very telling when Evola emphasizes the fact that the sun overcomes darkness every morning. Well, in the mysteries of the Aryan tradition, the sun is an important figure because the sun represents the rising will, rising from the gut up into the heart, and then setting. And the setting of the sun is the realization of the transcendent aspect. Now, Evola associates this sort of solar masculinity with the peak of the mountain. But what's interesting about the peak of the mountain is that the sun at high noon is not represented by the peak of the mountain. The sun at high noon is the will. It's the anahata. It is the expression of being and the ego, the seed of the soul. But this is not what is approached in the myth that Evola references, the mythology that Eva relies upon here in describing the nature of solar masculinity as a source of reality. This sort of mythological approach is emphasizing transcendence, death of the ego, when the sun defeats darkness. What is happening here is the son representing the father is overcoming the poison of the mother. And this is only relevant in relation to the present Yuga, the Kali Yuga. The present Yuga is defined by the divine feminine expression. So we are born into a state of Shakti, and we must climb the mountain represented by Mount Meru in order to reach the peak. And at the peak, we find the father, and the father destroys the mother. Okay? And this represents destruction of the self, destruction of the individuated being. This is a living death that is experienced by the initiate. And upon reincarnation, the initiate assumes a new expression of will on the left hand. And this is represented by the high noon sun, but also the eclipse of the sun. Very important, the rising sun. At the Manipura, which is the seat of Arianism, you unites with the lunar aspect in the mother to destroy the father. You have destruction of the mother, followed by destruction of the father, and then the rising of a new sun, a new condition of will. And from that position, then the initiate is able to express their will towards either the lunar aspect or the solar aspect, dependent upon their Dharma. Now, the key here is union, because this is the goal of yoga. Unification of the divine, masculine and feminine towards some dharmic expression. And the dharmic expression that we find in each individual is personal, but also we have social expressions of Dharma. And these social expressions of Dharma are not all the same. There are some civilizations that are lunar in nature, very lunar. But because the people who constitute that civilization share a dharmic expression that is similar enough in its lunar aspect to create a healthy lunar civilization. And these people thrive within a lunar civilization. There are others who thrive within a very solar civilization according to their dharma and how they relate to the social order of things. But Evola here is prescribing one superior means of establishing civilization. And he's attempting to link this to tradition and state that this is tradition. This is the superior way. Of course, Evola is failing to recognize the individuated expression of Dharma not only on a personal level, but also on a social level. It's funny that Evola now emphasizes the solar aspect of the last dynasty of Rome. Of course, the solar symbolism was always important in Rome. But let me remind you of the fact that the high noon sun is the seat of will. This is expressing will. And Evola is not talking about will when he's talking about solar masculine rulership. Here he's talking about transcendence. He's talking about spirit. And that's in a totally different place from will. Will comes from the heart. The Anahata spirit comes from the Sahasra, okay? And spirit is nothingness. It's blackness. It's represented by the sun as it has set and we have not yet seen the rise of the moon. We're just in this condition of absolute darkness. And this is the kind of solar expression that Evola is referring to. Now, when the Roman Empire uses the sun, it's used in the manner of the swastika, it's used in the manner of the shatkona, representing willpower. And so if you want to create a civilization expressing will to power, then of course you would use the sun. But Evola is confusing the transcendent solar aspect with the willful solar aspect. And this is the problem of contemporary solar masculinity as well. The sun is not being used properly, The Svastika is not being used properly, the Shat Kona is not being used properly. Because what this symbol, the sun has come to represent is rejection of the chaotic and barbaric aspects of divine femininity. And there's great confusion that has developed, and I'll get into that at a later time, but there's great confusion that has developed in regards to the nature of that which is masculine and feminine. And we see this in the degenerate solar masculinity cults that are present in our current age. Now, let me quote again from Evola. The solar glory or victory in reference to kingship was not reduced to a mere symbol, but rather denoted a metaphysical reality. Eventually it came to be identified with a non human operating force which the king did not possess in and by himself. Okay, end quote. So basically this is another expression of the divine right of kings. And what we have here is an emphasis, a very strong emphasis, on the fact that it is the metaphysical aspect of the ruling order that grants any sort of value to this order. So the king is actually stripped of his will in this aspect. He is merely a figure of the gods. And this is not at all what was intended by the figure of the Chakravartin or the Pontifex. We have in these figures a man of great willpower who is able to express his heart in order to achieve expression of power through imminent and transcendent aspects. It's not that he just lives as sort of like this vessel of divinity that spreads the gods throughout the civilization. He, he himself, he is a God, but it is a process of self deification that begins on the left hand. And as I have identified, Evelyn never approaches the left hand. He never escapes the first initiation of the ascension. And so this idea of the traditional ruler that he represents in revolt against the modern world is by no means of the essence of the Chakravartin I want to take a moment now to also speak upon the fact that so many people within the contemporary solar masculinity cults are terrified by the Satanic aspect of modern rulers. They see these individuals in high levels of government and business, and they assume that they are doing dark things in the shadows. And of course, a lot of them are, but this is because they are expressing their will to power. On the left hand, they are Satanists. Many of them are Satanists. Now, it doesn't necessarily mean that their brand of Satanism is in alignment with my brand of Satanism or your brand of Satanism, if you are a practicing Satanist. But what is recognized by these individuals who are stuck on the Ascension is the fact that there are people who possess power, who, who have embraced the Dark Mother, who have embraced barbarism, and they have turned that barbarism into something divine. And this is terrifying for them. They know this instinctively, and Evela knew this instinctively. And this is why he was so prone to expressions of petty moralism. Another interesting quote from Eva. He states, in the oldest text, the scepter is portrayed as the zigzag bolt of lightning. The regal force thus appears as a manifestation of the dazzling heavenly force. The combination of signs represented the concept of life force. Ansh form a word for fiery milk, which is the nourishment of the immortals. So what he is describing here actually is the scepter as vajra, as the lightning weapon. And this is not a transcendent symbol. This is a symbol of will. This is a satanic symbol. It is expression of the left hand through the will to power in the heart. This is not at all what Evola is describing in terms of solar regality and the fiery milk that he is describing. The life force. This is Amrita. And Amrita in Bamashara is very important. It is the sexual fluid, both male and female, that is utilized in ritual practice in order to connect to the divinity of the tamasic element, that which is divine, feminine and expresses great poison that is transformed into medicine, a source of power. Of course, this is lost upon evil because of the intensity of his transcendent bias that blinds him from the reality of the Aryan tradition. It's funny because Evola almost approaches an understanding of the role of the Anahata as the seat of kingship when he describes the Chinese tradition. So another quote from Established in this force or virtue, the Chinese monarch performed the supreme role of a center or of a third power between heaven and earth. The common assumption was that the fortunes and misfortunes of the kingdom, as well as the moral qualities of his subjects. It is the virtue in relation to the being of the monarch, and not his actions that carries positive or negative influences on them. Secretly dependent on the monarch's behavior, the central role exercised by by the king presuppose that the king maintained the aforesaid, triumphal inner way of being. In this context, the meaning of the famous saying immutability in the middle may correspond to the doctrine according to which, in the immutability of the middle, the virtue of heaven is manifested. If this principle was implemented as a general rule, nothing could have changed the arranged course of human events or those of the state. End quote. Okay, there's a lot to break down here, but basically, Evola is confusing the Anahata and the Sahasra in his expression of reality. He's confusing will to power and the spirit. In the Chinese tradition that he's describing, the monarch is representing the will to power at the heart. And the role of the monarch is to recognize the divinity of the feminine and the masculine expression, the immanent and the transcendent, and to unite all of these forces not by injecting spirit into everything, but by emphasizing the pure divinity of the raw expression of materiality and spirit and all aspects in between. This is what it means truly by immutability in the middle. This is unification. This is the shot Kona. But Evola interprets this as meaning that the monarch possesses some spiritual virtue that spreads out through the land and brings this transcendent quality of solar masculinity into the civilization. And somehow that redeems the civilization. Of course, that aspect of transcendence, as I've spoken of before, is only the first step to recognizing the complete divinity of every aspect of the culture. The Evolian approach here is very fascistic in. In the modern sense of what fascism represents, which is upholding order, intense order. And of course, order is masculine. And the reason why evolian thought leads to fascism is because what Evola is representing is an obsession with order. He cannot stand any aspect of disorder or liberty within his culture, which is why Evola despised the American tradition. Evola hated the fact that the underclass or the chaotic aspects of the American tradition, the redneck and the cowboy, basically, he hated the fact that these figures were given such divinity. Of course, these figures would be given divinity in the traditional world. But Evola doesn't understand the traditional world. He believes that the traditional world is subject to the same kind of solar obsession with the Father that we would find in the Jewish tradition and all of the. The religions that have sprung up from the Jewish tradition, such as Christianity and Islam. This is one of the reasons why it is so easy for Eva to represent himself as a sort of pagan Catholic. Eva is deeply obsessed with the idea of the king as some type of spiritual ruler. He essentially wants to establish a pope, a. A pagan pope. That is Evola's idea of the grand ruler of tradition. I'll quote again from the first duty of the Spartan kings was to perform sacrifices. And the same could be said about the first kings of Rome and of many rulers during the imperial period. The king, empowered with a non terrestrial force with its roots in something that is more than life, naturally appeared as one who could imminently actualize the power of the rites and open the way leading to the superior world. Thus, in those traditional forms of civilization in which there was a separate priestly class, the king, because of his original dignity and function, belonged to this class and was its true leader. Okay, so once again Evola is trying to claim the king for the Brahmin caste or the priest caste. And this is simply not true of tradition. The king does not approach a superior world. He is not more than life. Life is affirmed by the king. Life is affirmed by the Chakravartan. And it is the duty of the priests to bring people closer to transcendent expression. And it is the duty of the Shudra to bring people closer to the earth. It's the duty of the king to recognize that all of these functions must be affirmed as carrying equal weight and value. But once again we have this emphasis on the king as this priestly figure. Now, of course it is true because that the king is involved in magical rites with the gods. But the gods are not only accessed through the transcendent aspect. And in fact, it's wrong to say even that the Brahmin caste is totally transcendent or totally priestly, as Evela would have you believe. Because the idea of the Brahmins is that they are artists, they are approaching art, and so they are detached from mundane activity. But just because something is mundane activity does not mean that it lacks divinity. And that's what Evola fails to understand. Evola is so afraid of women that in this chapter he goes on to try to claim even the feminine expression of regality as part of a transcendent masculine order. And I quote, concerning the Rex Nimorensis, we can recognize in the symbols employed that the notion of kingship derives from having married or possessed the mystical force of life, of transcendent wisdom and immortality that is personified both by the Goddess and by the tree. Okay. In this saga that he is discussing here, neither the Goddess nor the tree represents transcendent wisdom. In fact, these are imminent and willful expressions. In the Indian tradition. We would associate the Goddess with Shakti and the tree with Vishnu, and then we would represent the transcendent aspect as Shiva. But evil, like every good degenerate solar cultist, wants to associate all things with Shiva. Shiva is the end state, the end goal, and he is applying this here. As a final note to the end of this chapter. Evola reveals more of his obsession with this idea of papal pagan authority when he quotes Joseph de Mestre, the French counter enlightenment philosopher who recognized the ultimate authority of the Pope. And the quote of De Meester reads, God makes kings in the literal sense. He prepares royal races, maturing them under a cloud which conceals their origin. They appear at length crowned with glory and honor. The they take their places and this is the most certain sign of their legitimacy. The truth is that they arise, as it were of themselves, without violence on their part and without marked deliberation on the other. It is a species of magnificent tranquillity, not easy to express. Legitimate usurpation would seem to me to be the most appropriate expression, if not too bold, to characterize these kinds of origins which time hastens to consecrate in end quote. What is being described here is petty moralism applied to the rising of a king, which is disgusting and entirely anti traditional and not at all something that a so called radical traditionalist should be embracing. What is being described here is Yahweh selecting a leader, selecting a God king or a pope. And just through tranquil expression of civility, this being rises to power and we are simply to accept his usurpation based upon the fact that he is of this divine quality. I cannot think of anything less traditional, less Aryan than this expression. This is utterly disgusting and not at all something that would be represented in the Indian tradition. These royal races that Dir Master describes, this kind of royal race would be like the Catholics, the European Catholics. Well, let me tell you something. The European Catholics are in no way superior to the Dravidian yogins practicing in the cremation grounds who actually understand the tradition of the Chakravartin and how to preserve balance between the divine masculine and the divine feminine. So we end chapter two now of Revolt against the Modern World, chapter two, titled Regality, where as I have shown, Julius Evola doubles down on his expression of transcendence. Degenerate solar masculinity as a source of legitimate power. Rather than recognizing the beauty of the true Chakravartin, who is able to balance the divine, masculine and feminine and recognize divinity of those things that are of the earth and of the supernatural world.