So we have within the Aryan tradition of the original manifestation of Yahweh in his pantheon, Yahweh rejecting the pantheon, so becoming fearful of his position, of the stability of his position, and then rejecting the divine feminine and assuming the role of the one true God. And so within this tradition, Yahweh was successful. And this is why there is a hatred of women within Abrahamic religion. There is a suppression of the divine feminine because women represent divine femininity, they represent Gaya, they represent Shakti. And Shakti and Gaya are the greatest threats to the stability of a weakened patriarch. If the patriarch loses his authority, loses his ability to rule effectively, the divine feminine urge towards chaos will lead to the destruction of that empire. And Uranus was not willing to give up his empire. Neither was Yahweh. Another example would be Adolf Hitler. Adolf Hitler is a good example of this because although in the beginning Hitler possessed elements of Shakti, he wanted to create a revolution in the world. And he wanted to do it in a material way. And he was very anti Abrahamic. He rejected, ultimately he rejected Shakti by appealing to the conservative sensibilities within Germany or the patriarchal sensibilities. And he feared the stability of his position. And this fear, this paranoia, led to his downfall. He became a decadent patriarch and therefore he was not a successful ruler within the Arian tradition. He made the mistake, Uranus. Now, what exact role did Gaia play in overthrowing Uranus? Because as I said, he failed. He was overthrown. Gaia seeks revenge with the help of her son Cronus. Cronus represents the ancient black sun, not the present black sun, but the black sun of the old Earth. He is the usurper. The black sun is the usurper. If Uranus represents the solar patriarch, Cronus is the eclipse that takes the divine aspect of femininity as represented in the moon in the lunar aspect, and utilizes it in an attacking sense, an adversarial sense, in order to destroy the old solar empire and lead to the rise of a new sun. That is the meaning of the black sun. And here we see it in the Greek tradition with Gaia seeking help from Kronos.