This is by Ravi. This is Scorpio. This is Alien. They are the same line of cosmic music played on different instruments. This music is the bridge, the bridge between life and death, between space and blood. It is the mother most distant, far from the heart. Her womb is all or nothing, fruitful and barren, dirty and sterile. Her children are concepts given form. Their materiality is given and taken with equal simplicity, obsessive love and cold death. Bhairavi is one of the 10 Mahavidyas. She is the mother of the cremation grounds. She presides over the process of life and death. She accepts the smoke from the burning bodies as an offering to her terrible beauty. And she provides rain to nourish the soil. In Tantric astrology, we associate Bhairavi with Scorpio. Scorpio holds a special place in relation to the chakras. It is the point between the Sahasra and the Muladhara, the bridge between the subtle and the gross, spirit and blood. In the symbol of Scorpio we find the eagle, which is associated with pure spirit, the serpent with pure material, and the scorpion, the creature with a tail that bends across its body and touches the earth. It is the sacred bridge between life and death. It gives and takes without hesitation, a creature of purity. Sometimes an artist or group of artists will represent something with such perfection. It is as if they are in direct communion with the gods. Alien is such a representation. This film and its sequels are a concept made. Material drawn from the prana of subtle space, an amalgamation of the nightmares and sexual fantasies of man expressed in Creativity by H.R. giger, Dan O', Bannon, Ronald Shusett and Ridley Scott and all of the artists that followed in their wake. They didn't know it, but these artists created a kula, a devotional circle in worship of the goddess Bhairavi. Giger was asked to create a piece of art as an example of the alien. He combined the parts of a Rolls Royce with a snake vertebrae and gave birth to a new icon of the goddess Bhairavi. Cold steel and warm bone. Space and the serpent, the biomechanical Scorpio. Bhairavi. Alien is a manifestation of that cosmic expression that we associate with Bhairavi and Scorpio. In space, no one can hear you scream. Space is nothingness. It is the monistic point where all things are absorbed into the light and light itself loses its defining characteristics. When all things become unified, there is only the great emptiness. This emptiness is the promise of every monotheistic religion and every expression of atheism. It is pure transcendence it is nihilism. This is the coldness of the Goddess. The ship is home. It is a material formation that allows for differentiation. It is earth. Just beyond this thin layer of materiality is the great emptiness that strips away all warmth. Gravity is something that is willed into being. It is the anahata, the heart, the will to power. As soon as gravity is introduced, man has the ability to express his will with great power. But so does his enemy. This is the heart of the Goddess, the dark side of the moon. The human body is the perfect womb. It contains the warmth of the inner fire at the manipura, the place of creation, where the seed may be planted. When man plants his seed in woman, it is through the vagina, the muladhara, the pathway of the mother. And from this pathway, new life grows. When the alien plants its seed, it is through the throat, the vishuddhi, the mind, the pathway of the father. In either case, the seed lands in the belly, where the creative fire of the Manipura gives it the spark of life. Man is typically born through the vagina. But alienated, man must sometimes take a new route. The C section, the chest burst. Entering the world into the cold hands of the biomechanical. Alienation creates a cold drive toward purity. Purity is unity. It is the blinding light. There are some who exist on the cusp of purity. They feel very little sensation. They feel very little remorse. This is one aspect of the Scorpionic. To exist on the edge of nothingness, a creature so alienated desperately searches for what it lacks. The emptiness of its womb must be filled. All emptiness must be filled. It is driven by consumptive obsession. When gravity is introduced, a bridge is formed. The coldness of space, which pulls all things into its womb, becomes pure force. Once the airlock is shut, man is saved from the coldness of the void, but must now contend with a new horror. Death and transformation. The ship becomes the cremation ground, where bodies are sacrificed to the Dark Mother in exchange for prana, for new life. This is the will of the Goddess. She is a necromancer. Her devotees collect bodies and use them as platforms for the Shavasadhana, the meditation on death. These bodies become vehicles for new power. Through force of mind and embrace of the blood. The Aghoris take command of the body and use it as a means of communing with their queen, Bhairavi. This is not a slavish relationship. It is an expression of pure, pure, obsessive love. The blood is great medicine, but it may also become a great poison. The Aghori understands how to make his blood poisonous to his enemies. The blood represents material formation and individuality. It is the serpent, the Kundalini. Every attack against the alien leads to the spilling of poisonous blood which redeems the fallen. The Bhairavi devotee understands that even in death an attack may be delivered. Death itself becomes an expression of the will to power. The only way to defeat the alien is to contain it within the void of space. Once the gravity of will is applied, the creature can express itself through sex, through the serpent. An attempt has been made by the Solar Cult to sever the link to the serpent. Scorpionic women are told to embrace the eagle. But the eagle is nothingness. It is the neutering of power. True power is gained when the Scorpionic which reaches her spine across her body and brings the Sahasra to the Muladhara. This is the spirit touching the earth. Suddenly the beast can act in the material world. Death is delivered to her enemies with cold precision. This is the ultimate nightmare of the decadent Solar cults of this world. This is the nightmare of Adam. Thousands of Scorpionic women using space transformation and sex to systematically control and devour the prana of weak Adamite men. It Sam.