Foreign. The blood is a very important element within yogic practices, but it is often discounted because when we speak of blood, we speak of the material. And in right hand path oriented yoga schools, there is a movement away from the material body. The body must be transcended and so the importance of the blood is discounted. But if you look at yoga from a wider perspective that encompasses both the right hand and the left hand, you'll understand that the blood is a very important source of energy. In fact, it is its own form of prana. When most yogis speak of prana, they are speaking about the subtle body only. And the pranic flow is totally related to everything that is subtle. So everything that is spirit. Because we are living in the age of Shakti, the spirit is at the capstone of the self. It is accessed through subtle space. The blood is the imminent form of prana. It is the energy that flows through us. And one deity that is closely related to blood and blood as prana is Mahakali. Mahakali, understood from a left hand path perspective, is a deity that represents the willful force within the blood and within the body. She is directly connected to muladhara consciousness. The muladhara being the chakra point that is closest to the body, that is a pure expression of body consciousness. So when we wish to access the power of the blood, we practice bhakti on Mahakali. And one way we do this is through blood sacrifice. There are many forms of blood sacrifice that have been practiced in the name of Mahakali over thousands of years. But one form of blood sacrifice in bhakti to Khali that I practice is a giving of one's own blood in honor of the Great Mother. And so I want to discuss how you can do this in a safe way in order to understand the esoteric significance of the blood as energy through your practice. I'm not going to cut myself in this video because I think that that might be a little too much for the Internet. But I will discuss the proper method of safely conducting a blood ritual. So when I practice bhakti on Mahakali and I want to set my intention fully and know that my will to power as expressed through Mahakali is solidified, I do so in blood. And this is important because there's an element of fear that is involved with any type of blood sacrifice. Unless you're an idiot, you should be afraid of cutting yourself because you can do great damage to yourself. You can sever nerves, you can cut too deep and bleed more than you had expected to and make Yourself very ill. So you should be very careful Whenever you practice this type of Left Hand Path ritual. And you should be aware of the fact that fear is present for a reason. It's there to protect you. But we do not allow fear to control us. See, this is a lesson that is learned in the blood sacrifice. I am always afraid whenever I cut myself in a blood sacrifice. But I do it anyway. Because the goal is to learn how to face your fears. And how to recognize the spilling of blood as a significant action. Because without that fear of being cut. Without that fear of spilling blood. There's far less significance to the practice. So what I do is I choose a thumb. And I place the razor on the thumb at the tip. I cut up from this position up. I don't cut across the thumb. I cut up. And when I do this, it allows me to seal the wound if I cut too deeply. So I go to the tip, I press firmly with the razor blade and I cut. You will feel a slight little piercing of the skin whenever you do this. And then the blood will begin to flow. Cutting from the thumb, you can squeeze the thumb, massage the hand and get the blood flowing. And once the blood is flowing, you can draw the Yantra of Mahakali on your chest. On the chest of another person as part of the ritual. This solidifies your intention with your practice. And you're proving to yourself that you have the will to overcome fear. Fear is an obstacle. And Mahakali is the great remover of obstacles. By practicing bhakti in this way, you are setting yourself on a course to destroy any obstacle that comes along your path. Now, in terms of accessing blood as prana, it's important to understand the inherent power of blood. Those who practice the Right Hand Path. And who move towards a point of transcendence. Will become detached from the blood over time. And this is due to the aspect of unification within Sahasra consciousness. Once you reach the crown, you are in the point of unification. And so blood is an aspect of differentiation. It is shakti. And whenever we think on the blood, we think on differentiation. My blood contains information within it that is specific to me. So my blood is linked to my race. My blood is linked to my individual combination of material. That presents itself in a very specific manner within this dimension. And so when I meditate on blood consciousness. I'm meditating on what is individual about me. What sets me apart from other people. And that is a great source of power. Being able to have that foundation, that individual identity. And also being able to recognize similarities in the blood with other people. This is how cultures are formed. So whenever we practice this blood ritual, we are rooting ourselves in that recognition of that individuated consciousness of that blood. The power in the blood, the power of family, the power of a people, the power of a race that we can access by practicing bhakti or Maha Kali, with recognition of her energy flowing through the prana of the blood.