Dip the apple in the broom. Let the sleeping death seep through. Look on the skin, the symbol of what lies within. Traditionally speaking, what is a hag? The hag is one of the most interesting figures within global tradition. When I say tradition, I'm speaking of traditionalism, the big T tradition. So this is referencing holistic expressions of culture that deals with the psychological, the spiritual, physical, emotional aspects, all aspects of culture represented within tradition. And the hag is a figure that we find in many traditions all over the world. She's a very important figure. I say she, but sometimes you'll have a male hag figure. For example, Odin. Odin is a figure that most people would not associate with the hag, but he is a hag nonetheless. Now, one of the reasons why Odin is not typically associated with the hag is because hag is a word that has come to be associated with things that are only ever ugly, disgusting, inauspicious, something to be disposed of, to push into the outskirts of society. Now, Odin used to carry this reputation. He used to be seen as something that you should at times trust, at times seek aid from. But usually he's regarded as a bit of a trickster, someone you really have to watch out for. Not really a silly trickster, but more like a silly, sinister trickster, somebody who often acts in a malicious manner. And he used to be commonly depicted as an old shriveled man, a wanderer, someone who lives on the outskirts. But Odin's reputation has changed. And much of the reason why Odin is elevated in his status now and is recognized as a figure of great physical strength and health is because of the global patriarchy. Now, when I say that there is a global patriarchy, I'm not speaking from some mundane, secular, leftist, feminist perspective. When I say there's a global patriarchy, what I mean is that the prevailing magical system in the globe is patriarchal. It is Abrahamism which de emphasizes the beauty, the potency, the relevance of the feminine principle. It places femininity in chains. And even in traditions that you would not typically place under the umbrella of Abrahamism, such as the Germanic tradition, there is a cultural tendency that seeps into these traditions due to to the potency of the Abrahamic system. And so you have a figure like Odin being treated more like a Christ figure or a sky father to be worshipped, to be made into a dogmatic lawgiver, the Havamal being treated more like the Bible than a non dualistic expression of master morality. Now, with all that considered, let's bring our focus to feminine expressions of the hag, what most people are familiar with. So the feminine expression of the hag is one of the most potent forms of divinity that can be seen in tradition. The hag represents many things. I'm going to describe some of those things, things in this talk so that you can have a basic understanding of the hag and why this is such an important figure. The hag represents uselessness. Okay, so when we say the hag represents uselessness, there's an occulted aspect to working with any of these elements of deep tradition. And so on the surface, the old shriveled woman appears useless. She can no longer bear children. She is in a state of desolation. Oftentimes she's depicted as existing in poverty as well. So on the surface, she appears useless, and she's often treated as such. She's seen as something that you should fear, you should not make any attempt to understand. Well, within occult practices, it's usually those things that are most terrifying, most disgusting, most difficult to understand, and most useless. Those things end up being the most potent, the most important, the most beautiful expressions of consciousness. And so those of us who are interested in the occult, when we see something that has this nature, it sparks a curiosity. We begin to explore, and we find the hidden power within that symbol. So the hag appears useless. Useless, good for nothing. Like the yakuza. Yakuza means good for nothing, right? But of course, the yakuza are not just good for nothing. If you need something done, you can go to this criminal organization and they can make something happen. And the hag is much like this. She has many gifts that can be offered if you're willing to see beyond the scary exterior. And one of the things that she offers, one of the most beautiful things that she offers is an awareness of love that transcends death. Love beyond time. Time. Take, for example, Dumavati. Dumavati is one of the mahavidyas. She is a hag figure. And Dumavati is very interesting because she is without consort. Her Shiva, her masculine counterpart, is dead, and so she exists alone. But is she really alone? The townspeople think she's ugly. They think that she's useless, good for nothing. She's pushed to the outskirts of society. But it turns out that in her wisdom, in her old age, due to years of practice and experience, her deep understanding has allowed her to cross the bridge of death and to be able to be in communion with her consort. Even though he exists in another realm of consciousness, he is not physically present. The ability to experience love and the presence of Something that is deeply important to you. Beyond death and beyond time is one of the greatest gifts that you can possibly receive. And it is the hag that represents this. Perennially speaking, this is one of the core secrets of the hag. She can give you access to things beyond. She is a link to other lifetimes, to other incarnations. The grandmother. In Aryan tradition, traditionally speaking, the woman is the teacher. She is the one who carries the tradition from one generation to the next. She teaches the children. This is before the institutionalization of children, tearing them away from their families and putting them into state sponsored buildings where they receive a generalized education. Well, education was not so generalized in Aryan culture. It was built upon personal initiation and recognition of Dharma and the grandmother, the old woman who can no longer bear children. Now, her prana can be directed towards the cultivation of beauty in her environment. If you are willing to look beyond her wrinkles and her scary demeanor, her sour mood, her aching bones. If you can look beyond that, you can find that this grandmother figure has access to the hidden knowledge of the past. And she can bring that knowledge to her children and her grandchildren and carry on. And if she doesn't have children of her own, if she doesn't have grandchildren of her own, she could still perform this function. She is a wise woman. And you travel traditionally to the outskirts of town, into the wilderness to find her shack, her hut, her house with chicken legs, whatever it may be. You find her abode and then you speak with her. And she can tell you things about yourself that would take you a lifetime to access. Well, she has lived a lifetime. That's part of her potency. Her old age is a source of strength, not feebleness. But if you perceive her as being feeble, if you perceive her as being weak, you will not gain access to the secrets of her power. And as many folk tales have spoken of, you might just become one of her victims. You can very easily be victimized by the hag because she is extremely powerful and she's become malicious, more malicious over time. And I don't blame her for that. Because just look at the way that we treat elderly people, not just in the west, but in modernity in general. We focus very much on the resources they have access to, what we can get from them. But we don't generally want to spend much time around them. We push them away. We put them in a home, put them in an assisted living home far away from us. We never talk to them unless we really need something. Well, this is exactly how the hag is treated in These folktales, there's a lot of truth to that. And it's even worse for women because, as I said, there is this global spiritual patriarchy in Abrahamism. And so there are few things more dangerous than an old woman who knows the secrets of the past, who might poison the minds of the youth and turn them against their decadent father. That's a very dangerous thing. And the hag is willing to do this. The hag is the leader of many a coven, and she actively seeks new members of her coven because she has a lot of resentment inside of her, resentment for degenerate aspects of the masculine principle. It is very difficult for men to work with hags in a magical practice. For example, Dhumavati Dumavati is a figure that most men would do well to steer clear of unless you are very pure or you're willing to go through very intense struggle to gain that purity. Because she will not suffer any degree of masculine poison. She is not a soft teacher. She is a brutal and vicious teacher. She will expose you to very intense suffering in order to bring you to your greatest potency. So the hag is a very quick way to gain power. Not always the best way, but a very quick way to gain power. Anyone who works with the hag symbol, with the image of the hag in their practice has to be willing to expose themselves to the nature of the hag, to become like the hag. Bhakti Yoga is based upon the principle of taking on the essence of an object of worship. So if you're going to work with the hag, if you want to gain her secrets, if you want to understand her potency, you have to be ready and willing to be to be treated like she is treated. To be turned into an outcast, to be made to feel useless and ugly and disgusting. When we practice spiritual yoga, what is spirit? Spirit is empathy. It is that which connects. And so if you're practicing bhakti and you want to connect to the spirit of a given thing, you have to be ready to empathize with that thing in totality. And to empathize with a woman of desolation or a man of uselessness and ugliness is a very dangerous thing. But as I said, it's a very potent thing. It's attractive. People are attracted to the image of the hag. They'll scream obscenities at her, they will insult her, they will push her away. But there is a morbid fascination with everything that she has to offer. And that's why people are continuously drawn to this figure. So if you are interested in experiencing the most potent or one of the most potent expressions of resistance against the prevailing decadent patriarchal order of Abramism, then you may explore what the Hag has to teach you. But like I said, you've got to be careful. Because you may not know how much poison, how much bias, how much fear is inside of you. You may not know how much you remind the hag of those individuals who have treated her poorly in the past. So you better be ready to take her poison to be a good student. Otherwise, the desolation that you experience will not be an aspect of your education. It will just be your undoing. Sam.