In the tradition of Tantra, there is a division of practice that is traditionally referred to as Dakshinashara and Vamashara. In the west, we refer to these distinctions as the Right Hand Path and the Left Hand Path. Dakshinashara is the foundation for what we call the Right Hand Path. It is the orthodox approach to practice that allows for the performance of Ascending Yoga. Ascending Yoga is the attempt by the Yogin to overcome compulsion within the self so that transcendence may be induced. Vamashara, on the other hand, the Left Hand Path as we refer to it in the west, is the path of self realization. After you have achieved transcendence through Dakshinashara, the heterodox methods of Vamashara are open to you. It is recommended under most circumstances for the Yogin to perform Dakshinashara and take an orthodox approach in their practices before they proceed to Vamashara and the Left Hand Path. However, it is important to recognize that Tantra is not a dogmatic system and there is almost always an exception to the rule. So for some individuals, it is appropriate to abandon all orthodoxy from the beginning and dive directly into Vamashara. For most, however, it is very important to begin by approaching ascendants through asceticism. Now, when I say orthodox approach in Dakshinashara, I am specifically referring to the ascetic practices that most people would associate with Right Hand Path Yoga. Those practices include self denial for the sake of empowerment, and empowerment in this case refers to release of attachment. This is in contrast to Vamashara. In Vamashara there is an embrace of poison, the five M's for example, those substances that are to typically be avoided in a Dakshinashara path. Now this gets very tricky because Tantra is, as I said, non dogmatic. And ultimately there is this interplay between non duality and duality. When you are attempting to reach transcendence in the Kali Yuga, which is the present age of practice, you are approaching non duality, a release from Maya, a release from individuated ego which is the foundation of attachment. And it is from this point that you may begin to embrace duality on the Left Hand Path. Now, most of modern occultism, esotericism has been confined to aesthetic cult, meaning that individuals will apply a perception of a given path to their own practice that is directly related to a specific aesthetic. And this aesthetic approach to practice denies the individual access to the full spectrum of experience that might otherwise be accessed in taking a non dogmatic approach that incorporates aesthetic but is not bound by it. Now, what Do I mean by the aesthetic approach? Most occultists who bring to mind the Left Hand Path think of things like blackness, terror, dark aesthetics, demonism. And most people who practice in modern occultism who bring to mind the Right Hand path, think of lightness. They think of the color white or purity. Now, it's true that for most people, if you're trying to reach transcendence, you will want to surround yourself with things of clarity. But clarity means many things. For myself, clarity might include darkness. It might include things that other other people would consider to be terrifying or disturbing. On the Vamashara path, the Left Hand Path, many people may achieve self realization through the embrace of lightness, through the embrace of gentleness. And so if you limit yourself to an aesthetic perception of what is necessary for a given path, you drastically reduce the potentiality of expressions of Dharma within the self. For example, if you believe that once you walk the Left Hand Path, you will consume copious amounts of alcohol and blood and meat and engage in indiscriminate sex acts just for the sake of being on the Left Hand Path, you're not getting the point of the practice. The point is not to engage with poison just for the sake of engaging with poison. The point is to engage with poison at the level that is appropriate for your self development. And that is different for every person. And one man's poison is another man's medicine, just as one man's medicine is another man's poison. So we have to be clear that when we're practicing the Right Hand Path, it can look a lot like the Left Hand Path, aesthetically speaking, or what most people would consider to be left hand and right hand path. And the same goes for when you practice Vamashara. When you're working with the Left Hand Path in yoga, it can look a lot like the Right Hand Path. So in order for us to practice with the greatest clarity, in order for us to approach Dharma with the greatest sincerity, we have to release ourselves from expectation. You won't know exactly what is poisonous and what is medicinal to you until you engage with the practice. And you cannot assume that the Ascending Path will be a bright ray of sunshine, just as you cannot assume that the Descending Path will be full of darkness, death, demonism and destruction.