Am I oppressed by demons? Not me, you. I know that I'm oppressed by demons. Anyway, I'm not. That's not an invitation. How do you know if you're oppressed by demons? Well, first off, you have to understand that the language surrounding interaction with that which is supernatural is controlled by and manipulated by the cabal, which includes everything that falls under the category of Abrahamism and anything associated with it. So, for example, the Christian tradition has a great influence on the way that we perceive interaction with spirits or interaction with things in the material world that cannot be explained by modern science. This has permeated pop culture. So you have films like the Exorcist or the Conjuring, very popular films that have had a very deep influence on the way that people perceive that which is beyond the natural, that which is subtle, those things that exist in subtle space. So when we say demonic, first you have to understand that when you are interacting with things beyond this plane, you're not necessarily interacting with demons. You could be interacting with what people would call angels. Now, the term demon and the term angel, these are culturally specific terms. And what they are roughly referring to is that which is aligned to the feminine principle or the demonic, and that which is aligned to the masculine principle or the angelic. Now, it gets really tricky when you're dealing with something like Kabbalah, because within Kabbalah, there is no real designation between the demonic and the angelic. It's all just a dream of God. And so all things are of God, even those nasty little demons are of God. That's the occult secret. But not everything that we experience is in the Kabbalistic paradigm. So how do we deal with this? How do we sort this out? How do we determine whether or not those voices in our head are just us being crazy or something more, something beyond the physical? Well, first you have to understand the difference between purely mental constructs and spiritual constructs. So we have this point right here, the Ajna, the third eye, which is the communicative point between mind and spirit. And so when we talk about interacting with the spirit world, what we are referring to is crossing over that divide. Okay, you can cut the third eye in half. And on one side we have that which is intellectual and that which is internal. And then you have on the other side that which is spiritual and that which is external. So when we hear voices in our head, that is coming from the Ajna, we call it subtle sense. So subtle hearing, it's the difference between hearing physical vibrations in your environment, such as music, coming from a stereo and just hearing a song playing in your head. All right, now, just because you're hearing a song playing in your head does not mean that there is no external influence. But most people have an underdeveloped recognition or understanding of the difference between the mind at the vishuddhi and the spirit at the Sastra. And so the tendency in modernity is to either attribute everything to the mind or attribute everything to the spirit. There is very little grounding in the New Age where basically any little thought that comes into your head is considered a message from spirit. And there's very little flexibility in modern psychology where everything is just a mental construct. The truth of the matter is that most of what we experience in the ajna is some mix of the mind and the spirit. Now, just because you have some image that's conjured in your mind or you see something in your environment, some mirage, or you hear a voice, even if there is a spiritual component to this, that doesn't mean that your house is haunted or there's a demon oppressing you or an angel oppressing you, because that's an important point to understand, too. There's angelic oppression and possession, just as they're demonic. Oppression and possession. So how can you tell the difference? Well, the only surefire way that you can tell the difference is to begin to practice yoga. Because yoga is the only system that allows for a formal understanding of the qualitative difference between that which is of the mind in the vashudi and that which is of the spirit in the Sahasra and how these chronic channels communicate at the third eye. And you can understand these things. It's a science. Okay? And those individuals in the New Age who just believe that everything is a message from spirit, they're not actually practicing yoga. They have no intellectual grounding. They do not apply any reason. Reason is very important. We shouldn't just label everything as spiritual. We shouldn't just say that, oh, yeah, of course that house is haunted because I heard a knocking or a creaking. We need to investigate these things, but we also need to recognize that the vishudi does not explain everything. The Vishudi, the mind, is just one component of a holistic body, and it has a purpose, but it is not the purpose. So we have to be flexible and recognize that there are instances when people do come under oppression, and there are some very rare and extreme cases when people come under possession. I've seen both of these things myself. And if you want to learn about these things, you need to Start practicing Tantric yoga so that you can understand true Tantric yoga as is taught in this school. If you want a quick answer and you do not practice Tantric yoga, then you need to find a yoga who is trustworthy, who can explain this to you in a way that is understandable, that makes sense, that is both grounded in reason, but also with a flexible recognition of that which is beyond the natural world, that which is beyond the mind, that which is of the spirit. Now, as I said, I have worked with people who have experienced oppression and possession, and I have worked with people who have suffered through a poltergeist, as we would call it. And there are certain standards that are applied when dealing with the realm of subtle space that allow us to operate in that world safely. So if you are going to deal with spirits, deal with subtle space. You have to know the self. Because one of the tricks of oppression is the oppressing spirit will try to convince you to identify yourself with the self of the spirit. There will be a blurring of the lines between that which is you and that which is other. And over time, and this can occur very subtly over time, you might begin to take on the behaviors of the oppressing spirit and not even realize it. Because as I said, this is a slow and subtle process. The deeper that you get into the oppression, the more that you identify with the oppressing spirit, the tighter the grip on your soul, on your ego, until finally, under very extreme circumstances and with very powerful spirits, you are totally overcome. There is an event horizon where the oppressing spirit overtakes your soul and now has total control over the direction of your life. It's a very sinister process, and oftentimes this is attributed to mental illness. Because within modernity, if you are experiencing strange markings on your body, if you're hearing voices, if you're seeing things, you're probably going to be labeled schizophrenic. And there will not be a recognition of the spiritual disease that is occurring alongside the attack on the mind, because these spirits will attack your mind. They will make you go insane. But there is a spiritual component as well that modern psychology doesn't recognize. Alternatively, you have the New Age approach to dealing with this issue where there is no recognition of psychology. There is no recognition of the fact that there is an interaction between the mind, the material world, and the spiritual world. In order to create the condition for oppression and possession. All of these things need to be taken into account. There are certain behaviors that occur within the material world which are reflective of something that is occurring in the spiritual as above, so below. You cannot divorce these things from one another. This is the problem with taking an extremist position of only recognizing the intellectual component or only recognizing the spiritual component. If you do this, you can't know yourself holistically and you make yourself into a target for oppression and possession. Now, one thing I want to mention is the fact that oppression can occur on a massive scale. And, and it does. Take for example, the oppression of Christianity. Christianity is an oppressive force. It's oppressive in the material world and in the spiritual world. And there is an interaction between the two. As I said, the principle of as above, so below. So there are individuals, many individuals, millions, that give up their, their personal autonomy. They give it over to God, to Yahweh, and in doing so, they lack awareness of the self. Jesus, take the wheel. This is a call towards possession, towards oppression. So when you say something like this, I give it up to God. I give myself to God. And you know, I'm not. I'm saying this just as an example. Yahweh can off. He can fucking smite me. Oh, wait, no, he can't, because I don't recognize his authority. Now if a Christian had said something like that, it's very likely something bad would happen to them. I don't recognize the authority of God the Father, and so I am not subject to his oppression or possession. I know the self, and so I can direct myself in this realm without being overtaken by such a force. But how well do you know yourself? Do you know what kind of subtle influences are operating within your life? Chances are you haven't taken the time to really dive deep into the self and understand the interaction between your soul and everything that is external. If you do this, you'll find that. That the system itself is one massive oppression ritual. And in order for you to truly become autonomous and have a free soul, you've got to exercise the system. You've got to separate yourself from it. You can do that independently or you can do that with the help of a guru or a community. But the key is to know yourself. And when you know yourself, you can know the difference between thoughts in your mind. That which is external, that which is internal, that which is of the cosmos holistically, and that which is of your individuated soul expression. And that gives you true power, true autonomy, and true protection.