What is the perfect diet? There isn't one. There's a diet that works for me, and there's a diet that works for you. And there's a diet that works for that guy over there. But there is no perfect diet. The diet that is right for you is dependent upon your dharma. It's totally related to consciousness. And there are many intricacies involved with identifying what diet works for for you. But in order for you to be able to identify what diet works for you, you've got to release yourself from dogma. Because morals should not play a role in your dietary choices. There is no such thing as good or evil. Dietary dogma is a lie that's true. Told to you in order to get you to act politically in one direction or another or to sell you a product. That's it. If you subject yourself to dietary dogma, you're going to no longer listen to the signals that are being sent to you by your body. Your body is trying to communicate to you what diet is right for you at any given time in your life. And that can change. We need to be flexible in our dietary choices. At one point in your life, maybe the carnivore diet will work for you. And then maybe you'll want to switch to a vegan diet because your body is demanding different nutrients. A new condition that will allow you to thrive. If you subject yourself to dietary dogma, you're stuck. You're stuck in one condition that disallows you from evolving. We need to evolve. We need to recognize what is good for us, not what that person says is good for us. What is truly good for us. So, for example, there are some people who are naturally very sattvic. These people are rooted in the vishuddhi or the ajnav. These people will naturally tend towards a sattvic diet, which is something like vegetarianism, veganism. These diets are something that are accessible to sattvic people. Because their consciousness directs prana within their body in such a way where that diet works for them. There are other people who are very tamasic by nature. People rooted in the muladhara or the svadhisthana. And they might benefit from eating a lot of meat, a lot of earthy foods. And that's fine for them. As soon as you tell them no, you're wrong for eating that way. You have totally abandoned any recognition of their individuated being. Basically, you've just become some type of Abrahamic crusader who is willing to smash the infidel in the name of your holy dietary choices. That's complete bullshit. If you try to do that to me, I'm just going to tell you to fuck off. Because I know what's good for me. And why do I know what's good for me? Because I practice tantric yoga and I have assessed my consciousness, something that a lot of you dietary dogmatists have never done. So you can take your dietary dogma and shove it up your ass.