In ancient India, the caste system once ruled supreme. I'm not talking about the caste system as it exists today. The current caste system of modern India is a far cry from the original tradition. Critics of the current caste system are correct in rejecting the racism that is present in the social order. The original caste system was not based upon race. It was a merit based system that allowed each member of society to find their place in the social hierarchy and live a fulfilling life. I recognized the authority and power of the ancient caste system and I reject the modern caste system as it exists within contemporary India. I am in favor of merit as a judge of the natural place of an individual within the social hierarchy. I do not uphold the idea that family lineage is all that matters in determining an individual's natural role. Now that I have clarified my stance on this important distinction, I am going to describe the structure of the ancient caste system, demonstrate its usefulness, and discuss why Donald Trump represents the greatest threat to all legitimate authority and hierarchy. The caste system is an organizational structure that is based upon caste. Caste is a word that means class or role. But I am not talking about class in terms of socioeconomic status. When I refer to caste, I am speaking specifically about the nature of an individual and their complementary position in the social hierarchy. The caste system is structured like a pyramid with different castes representing different layers of the pyramid. At the base we have the Shudras. The Shudras are the laboring class who perform the most basic tasks within society. Above the Shudras we have the Vaishyas. The Vaishyas are the merchant caste and they perform the core economic functions in the hierarchy. The Kshatriyas are above the Vaishyas. The Kshatriyas are the warrior caste and they comprise the military and the police. It is the duty of the Kshatriya to uphold law and order. At the top of the pyramid we have the Brahmans. The Brahmans are the priests and artists who connect society to God and provide spiritual direction for the culture. Below the pyramid, we find the Untouchables. These are the criminals who are adversaries to the overall structure of society. It is important to understand that every caste plays an equal role in creating a healthy society, except for the Untouchables. The hierarchy that is present in the caste system is not a representation of of the inherent superiority of any one caste. This hierarchy represents a line of organizational authority from the Brahmins down to the Shudras. It is in the recognition of the natural hierarchy that the caste system gains its power. Those who are natural. Warriors are empowered as Kshatriya. Those who seek a simple life of comfort and family are empowered as Shudras. There is a healthy and fulfilling place for everyone in the social body. That is the caste system. If the hierarchy of caste is upheld, society will be healthy and each caste will thrive in their natural role. For the caste system to remain healthy, power must be kept in balance. If any one caste becomes too powerful, the entire system collapses into tyranny. This is where the Chakravartin comes into play. The Chakravartin is a righteous leader who ensures that each caste is treated fairly and given their natural authority so that they may perform their roles effectively. Chakravartans are extremely rare individuals. They are identified by their masterful ability to balance the interests of all people in society in order to keep the system healthy. There is a metaphor found in the Natya Shastra that describes the role of the Chakravartan. In the Natya Shastra, it is written that the ruler of society is given a jar. This jar holds all of the power that is granted by all of the castes. The jar contains the blood, sweat, tears, wealth and devotion of all the people in the land. As the jar is filled, the ruler becomes more powerful. And it is the duty of the Chakravartin, the righteous ruler, to monitor the jar and make sure that it does not become too full. If the jar becomes too full, the Chakravartan must break the jar and share the wealth with the people. If the Chakravartin fails to break the jar, the people will become restless and an uprising will begin. The United States has been without a Chakravartin for an extended period of time and this has led to the jar of power being filled to the brim. No ruler has stepped up to effectively break the jar and share the wealth. And so the people have become restless. Specifically, the Shudras have become increasingly anti authoritarian. Working class Americans no longer recognize the legitimacy of the social hierarchy. The American Shudras have decided to stop filling the jar and direct all of their energy to a new source of power, Donald Trump. Trump relies on the Shudras for his power. He is an anti authoritarian figure who has promised to drain the swamp. When Trump says that he will drain the swamp, what he really means is that he will break the jar and share the wealth with his Shudra supporters. It is time to drain the swamp in Washington D.C. this is why I'm proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again. When Bill Clinton, who was right about Obamacare, two Weeks ago, by the way. Said it's crazy. Crazy came into office. He signed an executive order saying, if you work for the White House or a federal agency, you can't lobby the government for five years after you leave. But then President Clinton did what the Clintons always do. He rigged the system on his way out, Right? Clinton lifted the executive order so Clinton cronies like John Podesta could start raking in cash. So here's what we as a group are announcing tonight. This is an attractive idea to the Shudras. They are correct to demand that the jar be broken. But there is one major problem. Trump is not a chakravartin. He is an untouchable. Trump is not a righteous man. He is a criminal, a rotten individual who is adversarial to all legitimate hierarchy and authority. It is true that Trump has broken man's law, and that makes him a criminal by definition. But even worse, he has broken God's law. Trump has rejected the order of caste, and this is a crime against nature. The forgotten men and women of the United States are forgotten no more. You're the great people. You're the great people. You work hard, you pay your taxes. You do all these things and you were forgotten. They forgot about you. And you're the smartest people. You're the smartest people. You know, when they talk about. They talk about the elite. The elite. You ever see the elite? They're not elite. You're the elite. You are the elite. You're smarter than they are. You make bigger incomes. You've got everything going, you know, so let them keep calling themselves. You ever hear it? Hey, you go to the best schools. You do a tremendous job. You own companies, you work for tremendous salaries. You do all the things that you do. You're talented with your hands, with your mind. And then you hear, the elite has just said, the elite get more elite than me. I have better everything than they have, including this. And I became president and they didn't, meaning you became president. And it's driving them crazy. He is not interested in balancing the cash castes. Instead, he seeks to level the system and assume total authority. He relies on the Shudras for his power, and so his form of government is mob rule. Trump is in favor of radical democracy, a political ideology that inevitably leads to tyranny. If he is not stopped, he will succeed in destroying what is left of the caste system and usher in a new age of totalitarianism. I keep saying he's a threat to democracy. I'm saying, what the hell did I do for democracy. Last week I took a bullet for democracy. The United States may be saved and made healthier than ever by a total embrace of the caste system. Unfortunately, the hour is getting late and it is necessary to take immediate action against the Shudra uprising as represented by Trump and his campaign of tyranny. Trump's March on Washington, D.C. must be resisted by those Brahmins and Kshatriyas who who still possess some degree of authority and power. They must use their influence to thwart Trump and save the Republic. Once Trump is defeated, the caste system must be solidified and a Chakravartin must rise to power. This Chakravartin must be a righteous ruler who is willing to break the jar and ensure that all castes are treated with respect and dignity. This ruler must be a godly man who seeks to bring spiritual meaning to the people and provide them with healthy morals that will guide the United States to a new era of prosperity. I call on all those who have the means to resist. Stand up and use your authority to to reject the Shudra uprising. Recognize that the authority of your caste is granted by God. Do not falter in the presence of tyrants. Stand your ground and seek all that is righteous.