Now, before I begin, I just want to make note of the fact that the past two times I've gone live on YouTube, one of these lectures, the platform has completely shit the bed and I have had to start a new stream. So if that happened tonight, just know that immediately I will exit out of the stream that is fucking itself completely and I will start a new livestream and we will just continue from wherever I was left off. Yes, very good point. YouTube was made by Adamite man, but it's been taken over by a new man. And now we're going to talk about how we can be a new man and a new woman in the ruin of this world that was completely fucked by the Abrahamic disease. So, just about to begin. Okay, let's get right to it. This is probably going to be a long one, so strap in, everybody. Woman and Adamite man. That's what we're talking about tonight. And specifically, we are talking about the dynamics of sex as it relates to what I like to call the Genesis prophecy for modernity. Now, when I say Genesis, I'm referring to the book in the Bible, Genesis, which describes the creation of the world by the Abrahamic God. And most notably, what we're discussing tonight, the creation of the first man and woman, Adam and Eve. Now, there is an explicit connection between the Abrahamic tradition and modernity. You can trace the development of modernity all the way back to the formation of the initial covenant with Yahweh. Everything that has developed in terms of the wider social hierarchy, the global social condition has been shaped by the prophecies that we find in biblical texts. And when we look back on the most potent influence on the development of the relationship between the sexes, have to look to Genesis, because within Genesis, we find the relationship between Adam and Eve, which has defined social conditions surrounding the sexes for thousands of years. Now, it's important to understand that you do not have to be a Christian or a Muslim or a Jew to occupy the condition of Evian woman or Adamite man. Because when I say Evian woman, what I really mean is modern woman. And when I say Adamite man, what I really mean is modern. I am defining modernity as everything that has developed within the age of the Vishudi, the age of the intellect, the mind. And the prevailing esoteric influence of that age has been the Abrahamic tradition. So now that I've gotten that out of the way, I want to make it very clear that tonight I'm going to say some things that people might consider to be pretty biting or harsh. But it's not my intention to shame anyone for any of their prior behavior or current behavior. Shame is not going to get us anywhere. Shame is a weapon that the Abrahamics use to control people. I am guilty of adopting many of the behaviors of Adamite man in my life. Most of us have gone through periods where we have acted in the social function of the Evian woman or the Adamite man. We should not be ashamed of this. It is extremely difficult to escape the confines of the social conditioning. Even myself. I was born in a practice that was explicitly anti Abrahamic. But when I broke from that practice and I sought an ascetic path that would allow me to develop greater self. Everything that was laid out for me had a very deep Abrahamic influence. And to gain control of myself, I did take on many of the characteristics of Adamite men. And I suffered greatly for that. Most of us have suffered this condition and we have probably caused pain to other people because we have adopted these Abrahamic tendencies. So I don't mean to shame anybody. And if I mention any certain behaviors tonight that you have exhibited in your. I'm not mentioning these behaviors to shame you. It's just to make people aware of the origin of many of these behaviors. And hopefully we can then root out and destroy any of the Abraham influence that continues to degrade the relations between men and women in our modern age. Now, I also want to say that I am not intending to blame Abrahamism for any sort of negative interaction between men and women. I'm not saying that Abrahamism is the absolute origin point of all negative interactions between men and women or any of the negative behaviors that I'm mentioning. What I'm saying that abramism definitely encourages the worst in us in terms of our relationship to sexuality. And Abrahamism has actually created social institutions where we abuse ourselves and other people through the embrace of the condition of Evian woman and Adamite man. So even if we do remove the influence of Abrahamism in the wider culture, we have to be aware of the fact that these tendencies towards behaviors do exist within us. They are potentialities. And so we have to find new ways, new cultural modes for finding a better way to relate to sexuality. Now, when I talk about the Genesis prophecy, it's important to understand that the Abrahamic tradition is an intellectual tradition. It's a Vishudi tradition. I want to make it clear that the Vishudi is not a seat of evil or any sort of rotten chakra. It just so happens that the Abrahamic tradition is in the Vashudi There are many different Vishudi traditions that are not Abrahamic. So I want to make it very clear that any criticism that I make of the Abrahamic expression of the Vishudi tradition is not a general criticism of the Vishudi or intellectualism or any tradition that is rooted in the Vishudi. What I want to express here is that the intellectual origin point, Abrahamism, has had a major impact on the way that we develop our psychosexual tendencies. And if we follow the Genesis prophecy from its origin to its present manifestation in our culture, we can see this development. It's important to identify that this is an intellectual problem. This is not a problem of the blood. Okay? Abramism is an intellectual disease. It's a mental disorder. And so in order to cure this disorder, we have to recognize that there is a means of transforming our psychology. And we can even use much of the framework of modern psychology to do this. Modern psychology, though it does have a heavy Abrahamic influence, is not a poison that is without any medicinal value. We can transform aspects of psychology into medicine, and we should do so now. The Abrahamic tradition is prophecy based. Now, prophecy does not mean that what is stated is bound to occur. Okay? So some of you may have had conversations with Christians who have said we must support the state of Israel because it is prophesied that Jews are the chosen people. And, you know, the state of Israel is our greatest ally. And these people are operating on the psychological condition of the prophecy. Now, this kind of neuroticism is something that is encouraged the church because it makes people very malleable. If you reach a condition where you accept the statement in the holy book as being inevitable, you will begin to direct all of your prana, all of your activity, towards the realization of that which is inevitable. And recognizing this fact, we have to change our perception of the sea. Okay? There is no guarantee that the Armageddon that is described in the Bible is going to occur. One of the aspects of that you have to understand is that when something is stated, the power of that statement, the power of the mantra, is magnified by repetition and belief. The more the prophecy is repeated, the more energy that is put towards the realization of that prophecy, the more belief that is held in the power of the mantra, the greater the influence that the mantra will have over the behavior of the individual, and therefore, the greater influence that this mantra will have on the wider culture. That is how mantra works. And so there is an aspect of mantra within the Abrahamic tradition. Mantra is not limited to the tradition. We're speaking specifically of word magic for shooting magic. So whenever the Bible offers a prophecy, this prophecy is not guaranteed to occur. We can change the course of the development of society. There is not a condition that is immovable. Reality is defined largely by perception. And if our culture decides to put our weight behind the Abrahamic prophecy, then we will bring it about. But if we change our course, we can have a new order, a new life. And that is part of the psychological framework of prophecy. It is an intellectual tradition. Now, with Genesis prophecy, what we have is a defined condition of that which is masculine and that which is feminine based upon idealization. These are idealized forms. And there is an explicit morality that is injected into these idealized forms. You are expected to accept this moral standard in relation to that which is male and that which is female. Of course, our acceptance of that morality is going to influence perception of the self and perception of the social order. If we choose to accept the Abrahamic standard of morality, it's going to influence our behavior. It's going to change dynamics of sex. The conditions of morality within modernity have been defined by Abrahamism. Either acceptance of Abrahamic morality or reaction to it. And this kind of reactivity that we experience is most often compulsive. So there are those who will react the Abrahamic conception of morality just because it makes them feel bad, and they haven't really reflected on the nature of it. There's just this gut reaction. And of course, there are many who will accept the condition of Abrahamic morality, because that's the way it's always been. Like I said, you don't have to be religious. You don't have to be a Christian or a Muslim or a Jew to accept Abrahamic morality. Many secularists accept the standards of Abrahamic morality. Even if they don't believe in an objective standard of morality, they will still attempt to recognize the Abrahamic condition of morality as being superior. And that is why many atheists will even say, oh, Jesus Christ, I don't believe that he was God. I don't believe that he had any sort of magical powers, but I believe he was a great moral teacher. There is great social pressure to accept the conditions of morality and the definition of that which is male and that which is female, and the sexual dynamics that have developed in modernity from the foundation in the Genesis problem, prophecy. So now that we have gotten that established, let's go on to define Evian woman, and then from that foundation, define Adamite man. What is the Evian woman? Like I said, the Evian woman is modern woman. And most women who are born into the social conditions of modernity are culture bearers, just as most men are culture bearers. And that means that will accept the cultural standards that have been handed down to them. And this includes ideas, cultural standards regarding sexuality. Now, within tantra, we recognize sexual prana being especially powerful. Sex is an incredibly potent force. And so most political leaders, religious leaders, anyone who tries to assume a position of power, they will try to. Or there's a tendency in these individuals to command the sexual power of their followers. They will utilize conditions of sexual liberation or sexual restraint in order to direct that prana because they understand the potency of it. Sex manifests at every level of consciousness. Within the Tantric tradition, we recognize a form of sexuality that is expressed at every chakra. We have the intense physical expression of sexuality, muladhara, the intense spiritual expression of sexuality of the Sasha. There is an expression at every level within the Abrahamic tradition Because the tradition is extremely intellectual. It is concerned with psychology as the foundation of the tradition. There is a microscope placed on sex and gender and intellectual obsession with these topics. Now, you'll notice that prior to modernity, the question of sex, gender was not examined with such intellectual intensity. Now, you could say that about everything. I mean, intellectualism has been gratified in modernity because it is an intellectual age. But prior to this age, individuals were able to interact with sex. And, well, there wasn't really a concept of gender prior to modernity, because the whole idea of gender is an ideation of sex. It's an abstract form of sex that you then take on and accept based upon an intellectual matrix, a framework that you develop for yourself or that is given to you by society. But prior to this, sex was much more straightforward. And people were not so concerned about pluralistic expressions of sexuality. They were much more in tune with organic expressions of sexuality prior to modernity. Now, in modernity, there's been this great neurosis developing in the area of sex, and that is largely due to the fact that sexuality has been so heavily intellectualized and abstracted, and people have been pulled away from dharmic sexuality. That's not to say that the mind does not play a role in the dharmic expression of sexuality. It certainly does. But if you focus on the mental aspects of sexuality in an imbalanced way, you will likely lead to an adharmic expression of sexuality. And that is what has happened to the Evian woman. So let's think about the Genesis prophecy and how this has influenced the development of female Sexuality and modernity. So one of the aspects of modern female sexuality that has come about as a result of the degeneration of Abrahamism is liberation through compulsion. Now, Eve is born into a condition, repression. She is under the authority of Adam. Of course, there is a patriarchal authority that is inherent to the Abrahamic tradition because it is a tradition of the West. It is in terms of the cardinal directions of magic. Not that it originated in the west geographically, but it is a Western tradition. It is a tradition of divine masculinity. It is a father culture. God the Father is the primary source of authority. And so this extends through Adam. Adam assumes the role of social authority. And so Eve is immediately placed in an inferior social condition. Now, as a result of this, she immediately resents this position and she is placed at the mercy of compulsion. In the Genesis myth, we have the presentation of the apple which is given to Eve as a source of oration. Now, she does not take a bite of the apple from a place of self control, from a place of transcendence. She is compelled to bite the apple. And so this idea of compulsion as a source of sexual liberation is written into the Abrahamic. There are many women who will come to a realization that there is a double standard regarding sexuality. Men are expected, often encouraged, to have many sex partners. And that's typically thought to be a fine thing. Women, on the other hand, until recently, although there is still an aspect of this, it's polarized now. But there's this idea that women are worthless, they're low value, they're sluts, they're trash if they have many sex partners. And so women observing liberated condition that men enjoy now feel they too want to enjoy this condition. But they don't typically enjoy this condition from a state of transcendence. They are compelled towards this type of sexual liberation. And you see in the reactionary nature of the women's sexual liberation movement, this tendency towards sexual compulsion. Many women seeking freedom from this state of perceived inferiority that originates from the Abrahamic tradition, will have sex with many different men. And through this process, which is compulsive in most instances, they will try to achieve some kind of power, so kind of social power. And of course, it never comes. That happens in most cases is a feeling of degradation. Because when we engage in compulsive behaviors over a long period of time and we try to achieve a state of through compulsion, we do not achieve a state of transcendence. What we experience is deeper connection to the illusory aspects of Maya. And that is what occurs with these women. They are not reaching the peak of the mountain and achieving transcendence like a divine feminine figure within the Indian tradition. They are just biting the apple over and over again, compelled by the serpent. The serpent, of course, representing the base of consciousness in the Kali Yuga Muladhara Maya, which of course, is the foundational consciousness that we experience. But the goal is to move beyond that and reach a point of transcendence. Now, women are compelled towards liberation, and this compulsive sexuality is influenced by what Freud called penis envy. This is written into the biblical text as well. After Eve bites from the apple and Adam shares in her sin, suddenly they both become aware of the fact that they are nude. Well, what does this mean? It means that they have become aware of the physical differences in sexuality. And this creates great shame. There is some psychological terror that is inspired in the realization of the differences between the sexes here. And what is implied is that these differences to be reconciled in some way. So the penis in the myth of Genesis represents the position of power that Adam holds. It is the phallus. And of course, phallic symbols have been utilized very heavily in Abrahamic culture to represent the position of authority. This is a reinforcing of the ancient Abrahamic patriarchy. Now, you will hear quite often, feminists who are operating from a compulsive position rail against the patriarchy. They want freedom from patriarchy, but they don't know how to get it. They become reactive and their entire sexuality is then wrapped up in reacting to the Abrahamic moral condition. This is not application of self control. This is just simple logical reactivity. Now, the special reserved status of men that we find within the Bible becomes an increasing point of resentment. As I said, many women will just seek sexual liberation by having sex with many partners because they want to achieve the social position that men are granted at birth. And of course, this does not lead to liberation. This just leads to a deeper connection to the material world. So what happens as a result of this? Well, there is an inherent rejection of healthy femininity in the Evian woman, because the muladhara, the serpent, which is a seat of femininity of the divine feminine. On the first order of consciousness, the first order of complexity, when we are looking at the chakras as they are aligned vertically in the body, Shakti is muladhara Shakti, representing the divine feminine principle. And Shiva is at the sastra. So this is how we experience consciousness before transcendence. After transcendence, the experience of consciousness changes and the vertical alignment dissipates but we explicitly associate shakti with the earth, with the material, with the blood, and with the muladhara. And so there is a deep association on the first order of consciousness between sex and the muladhara, physical plantation of sex. Sexuality is wrapped up in the genitalia, basically. So if the feminine principle is considered inferior, as it is within the Abrahamic tradition, this is a father cult. So the father is supreme, the patriarch is supreme, and the feminine principle is degraded. It is not recognized in balance. If it was recognized in balance, you would have something akin to the Indian tradition or any of the other manifestations of the Aryan tradition. The feminine principle is degraded in Abrahamism, and so the muladhara is rejected or it's seen as inferior. You can see this in the Kabbalistic tradition as well, where the muladhara is regarded as the dark world, the underworld, that which is poisonous and that which needs to be kept under control. Any liberation of this point or health to this point is shunned. And so have within the Evian woman a tendency to reject femininity. Now, of course, this is impossible. Women are naturally born with a very intense connection to shakti. And so this becomes a rejection of the self. And women attempting to reconcile this internal conflict, they seek power. They need power to affirm the self. The Evian woman is in a constant search for self affirmation, achieve some position of power. And of course, power for most people is defined socially. And so what we have here is the embrace of a false masculinity. The Evian woman wants to be a man. She is defined by her penis envy. She is always looking for a condition of power that is defined by the patriarchy. Yet she believes for some reason that she's liberated in this pursuit. She believes that she's liberated from the control of man by becoming man, by taking the phallus and holding it, having control of it. So what we have here is a condition where masculinity is defined by what is masculine in the Abrahamic tradition. And of course, there is no counterpoint in the Abrahamic tradition. So masculinity is never understood. What happens is we have a deep connection to the material. And that is why the Abrahamic tradition is so materialistic. It never gets off the ground. Only the individuals who are able to completely cut themselves away from the muladhara to perform the ultimate esoteric circumcision, only those individuals are able to achieve the fruits of the Abrahamic magic, which is to be absorbed into the Father, to become one with God, to lose your Individuated identity completely to be absorbed into the light that is the ultimate treasure of the Abrahamic tradition. To cut off your genitalia, hand it over to God and release all individuality that you could have achieved if you were to embrace the divine feminine in some level of balance with the divine masculine. So instead of that, what we have is this false masculinity. It is not reaching transcendence through self realization, through realization, understanding of the various aspects of consciousness and then uniting Shakti with Shiva. No, we just reject shakti. We give everything to Shiva without knowing what Shiva even is. God is unknowable in the Abrahamic tradition. We have certain manifestations of God which are like reflections of God. But ultimately God is unknowable in Hemitra tradition. And the Catholics will admit this, and the will admit this. The Jews will admit this. The Protestants probably would not admit this. They would say that you can go have a beer with God, he's a cool guy. Those who are honest about the nature of the tradition will admit that God is unknowable. So you cannot access the transcendent point. You cannot be like a God. You have to be absorbed into God. And so this masculinity forms, it is based upon the ideation of the masculine. Like I said, Abrahamism is a psychological tradition. And it's this psychosexual manifestation of masculinity which is based on the roles that were given to Adam and Eve. What has developed as a result of this, the ultimate expression of this in our current state is the Protestant work ethic and slave morality. So Evian woman, in all of her wisdom, has decided to become liberated from man by having sex with as many random men as possible, or rejecting sexuality outright and becoming totally abstinent and denying the existence of her sexuality altogether and then denying all source of power at the muladhdhara, all sorts of power at Shakti, seeking a job, a good old job in the fucking tradition of the Protestant work ethic, where slave morality is held as the ultimate standard of what is good. So that is how modern woman, Evian woman, has achieved her grand liberation. And I'm not saying this in order to shame anybody, but I have to be harsh in the way that I discuss this behavior. Because if we're not honest about the destructive nature of this behavior, and if we do not warn people and wake them up to the disease fallen over them, then this behavior will continue. I'm telling you, most parents are having this conversation with their daughter. They're not sitting down. Their daughter and telling them what kind of poisonous influence Abramism has had on modernity and how feminism and red pill ideology and all this other bullshit that has developed from the Abrahamic disease is going to lead them towards a life of regret and degradation and debt and wage slavery and a job that they hate and a husband that they hate, and a condition of life that is totally, totally separated from their dharma. Like I said, Evian woman has taken up the Protestant work ethic and has decided now that because she has to work a job and her husband has to work a job in order to afford the same shit at her husband afforded 50 years ago, working by himself as the sole breadwinner and being able to support 10 fucking kids with his wage, suddenly now she's liberated. Great job. And then we have the obsession with access to lines of credit. So this is a fascinating thing that I thought I'd mention. One of the primary goals of the feminist movement, which is a total Evian in the United States. One of the primary goals of the feminist movement was to get women access to lines of credit, because this was very difficult for women to achieve prior to women's lib. Now, of course, once women gained access to these beautiful Abrahamic magic cards that gave them access to lines of credit, they racked up insane amounts of debt. And who did that benefit? Did it benefit modern woman? Is she liberated by her debt slavery? Fuck no, she's not. All that benefited was the banks, the banking system, which is rooted in, you guessed it, the Abrahamic tradition. Who benefited from this? Not women. Women did not benefit from this. You are not liberated by debt. You are not liberated by access to usury. There is this deep obsession with material wealth in modern woman. Why is that? Because if you are trapped in a case of both hating the material world but being confined by it and reactive to it, you are defined by whatever carrot is dangled in front of you, whatever material carrot. So women in modernity operating under the influence of the Abrahamic tradition, have become very intense materialists. The Evian woman is obsessed with gaining material. And they view men as little worker drones who they send out to go collect money for them and bring it back. Because, of course, God defined that man is the provider. And Christians will now tell you that that is the masculine position to embrace the Protestant work ethic and total slave morality. Be a good worker drone. Don't question the fact that your standard of living is falling, the debt is rising all around you, and the only people who are benefiting from this system of women's liberation or the opposite of women's liberation. And I'm about to get to this, which is the trad wife movement, has totally removed all feminine power. Women do not have control over their femininity because Abrahamic culture, in all of its forms, including the secularism that is a reaction to Abrahamic culture, has stripped men from access to shakti. Women cannot yield shakti effectively within modernity. That is in fact the greatest fear of the Abrahamic, that women will truly be liberated, truly have access to shakti and be able to wield that power against the system. That's when everything goes to shit for the banks and the state and the social order. So women perceive man as slave because Adamite man is a slave. Nietzsche was right to define Christianity as pure slave morality. Nietzsche was totally right. Christianity is slave morality. It's the condition of submission to the will of the father. And so those women who are not trapped by reactionary feminism will go in the opposite direction. They will become the good Christian or Muslim or Jewish trad wife or secular trad wife. And when they assume this position, they willfully end over shakti to the masculine principle that is defined by Abrahamism. Not the true masculine principle, but the idealized, diseased masculine principle within the matrix of understanding that is handed down to us by the Bible. So in this condition of usury, because that's what it is, the man is using the woman and the woman is using the man for material gain. Because we can't escape the illusory aspects of Maya when we don't even know that the wool has pulled over our eyes in this condition is reduced to a slave. Go out, work ridiculous hours, accept continuing degradation from the system so that you can provide for this woman. That's the trad wife condition. And the trad wife has lost all activity because the feminine principle is the active principle. The active world is defined by shakti on the first order of consciousness. Everything from the manipura down within our system is the active expression. It is what exists within the material world. And so if you are a woman and you deny your active expression altogether and you enter into a condition of submission to a man who then provides you material, he is nothing but a pimp at that point. He is not Shiva, he is just your pimp. And you are a prostitute in the great tradition of Abraham, the pimp, that is the condition that you have reached and you have handed over all creative potential that you could have utilized to transform the culture and turn it into something healthy. The traditional woman, when we're talking about big T tradition, the traditional is the active woman. It's the woman who is able to express Shakti with great will. And the traditional man does not fear this woman. In fact, he seeks this woman out. The traditional man does not seek a weak slave woman because if the traditional man wants to live an interesting, fulfilling life, he wants the wild yogini. He doesn't want a weak slave woman to raise his children and turn them into weak slaves who will then be conquered by barbarians. He does not want the woman who can't please him sexually because she's so repressed in her expression of Shakti. No, he wants the strong women woman who has access to Shakti. And that is why so many of these trad wives are. Trad wives are disappointed when they find out that their men have been jerking off to e girls because they express publicly this will towards having this chat. Pure boring fucking trad wife woman. And listen, if it's your dharma to be with a fucking absolutely boring woman who has the personality of a wet carrot and all he wants to do is recite the fucking Bible with you instead of, you know, riding you like a fucking horse, then go ahead and do that. If that's your dharma, fine. But most men don't want that. Most men want a woman who embraces sexuality in a very strong way. Most men don't want a woman who just accepts things without questioning. Most men don't want to be surrounded by dumb. Abrahamism makes women stupid. It makes men stupid too. Don't worry, I'm about to get to men. I haven't forgotten men. I'm going to talk about Adamite man too. But Abrahamism makes women dumb. And men cannot stand to be in the presence of stupid women. So these trad wives are being sold. Bullshit. You are not going to be empowered by this condition. You are just a slave embracing slave morality. You have handed over your bright to God the Father. And I think it's kind of weird that a lot of these Evian women talk about how their love is for God the first or Christ first, essentially turning their strong traditional Christian husband into a cuck. And I'm not saying that being a cuck is necessarily a bad thing. If that's what you're into, fine. But it's funny that most of these trad husbands would mock a man for enjoying that kind of sexuality. They're the ones who go around and say cuck, he's a cuck, he's a cuck. Your fucking wife is expressing her deep devotional love to a fucking man. Who looks like the motherfucker at the hell door that you've been mocking on the Internet for the past six months. Months. Like she's getting wet in her panties for the goddamn hipster skateboarder living in Bethlehem or whatever. And, and your ass is going to go out and say that these, that these are cucks. You're the cuck. And you won't admit it? Just admit it, man. If that's what you're into, if you're into your beautiful Evian trad wife having a fucking weird psychosexual relationship with the Pope, then just fucking be into that. Make it your kink. But don't be out shaming everybody else, acting like you're in some position of moral superiority. So what happens when the Evian woman finds out that this is all a bunch of bullshit, it's a house of cards and it collapses around her and her husband decides that he's tired of her boring ass and leaves her for some wild blonde yogini? What happens? Well, she goes, tells Daddy, she runs to God the Father in all of his manifestations and says, please Daddy, help me punish that evil man for breaking your holy covenant of Abrahamic marriage that is just a fucking soulless contract binds you to the system. Evian woman is an expert at abusing the court system to screw over Adamite men. Listen, if you're a modern man and you haven't been screwed over by the banking system and by the. And by the economic system, if you haven't been screwed over by the political system, I guarantee you you going to be screwed over by marriage. Because when you decide to no longer play by the rules and you break up God's little perfect pairing that he's created for you, there is a system that has been put in place to fuck you over. And women are taught through the Abrahamic tradition, which is, like I said, permeated everything in modernity, including the secular institutions that we pretend have no moralistic dogma, but certainly represent very intense Abrahamic morality, either in the form of raw embrace of the conservative aspects of Abrahamic morality, or the shadow of it, which is the crazy reactionary leftist shit. Sometimes right wing too, but the crazy reactionary beliefs that come about, which are all designed to kick the compulsive can down the road. So God must punish man who has transgressed, who has decided that he's tired of the trad wife living and he wants something a little bit more exciting. God must punish men for embracing this. And God comes in many forms. God comes in the form of divorce court. I can tell you that for sure, because straight up, like I said at the beginning of this lecture, I have exhibited the behaviors of Adamite man in my life which led me to enter into the beautiful Abrahamic covenant of marriage and become incredibly miserable within that institution. But thankfully I had the balls to break free from that confinement. And through the application of Aryan magic, I was able to completely separate myself from the legal system in regards to that horrible decision. So that I cannot be abused by God the Father in the form of every type of abuse the court leveled against me if I had not had the will to release myself from that condition. You got to be willing to be a real man, to be like Shiva and say, fuck no, I'm out. I'm going to the mountains, fuck you all and leave it behind. If you can't, leave it behind. If you can't achieve true masculinity and detach these scorned Evian women will use that system viciously to abuse the hell out of you. And they will use their children who become nothing but material accessories in order to achieve this. Now, by the way, since I mentioned children, I need to mention the fact that there is a moral fucking dictate to procreate in the Bible. Go forth, fill the world with my little minions. Make sure they don't have the capacity for complex thought. Make sure no critical thinking is introduced into their life. Don't expose them to Tantric yoga especially. So there is a moral dictate to procreate which has permeated the modern world in the big T, traditional world in all of its forms, whether that's in ancient India or ancient Greece or wherever you might find it, it's. It was recognized that good people, people who contribute very important things to society, can exist without being mothers or fathers. You can make something out of your life without creating a physical child. And in fact, the tantric conception of children is metaphysical. An idea can be your child. A work of art can be your child. You can record a song and that song can be your child. Recognized not as an inferior expression to a physical child. Just as important, because if we just live for procreation based procreation, what is the fucking point of life? There is more to life than having children. Yes, children are beautiful. Children, children are great. But there is more to life than just having children. But there is a moral dictate in the Bible have children. Which has influenced the perspective of the value of childbirth in modernity. Because for thousands of years prior to the formation of These much newer secular ideas. It was expected that if you're going to be a good woman or a good man, you better have children. And this had a psychological impact on the people living in modernity. There is this tendency to just accept the idea that we all have a biological impulse towards being mothers or fathers. And the fact of the matter is that's not true. There are people who are born with no desire to have children, no natural desire to have children. Yes, there might be some little impulse they have, but sex isn't only for procreation. There are many people who say, I have. I have a biological impul. Procreate. That's why I have to have sex with all these women. Well, if that was true, you should have fucking 500 kids by now, motherfucker. But you haven't been coming inside of her every fucking time. And if you have, you've been wearing a condom. So if you want to put your fucking money where your mouth is about your biological in procreate, you better start knocking all these women up. Just the truth. There are people who are born with a natural inclination to have children. Social pressure places them in a condition where they need to have children in order to feel like they're a good person. I've known men who have no fucking business in kids. I'm not saying that they're bad people, but they have no business having children. They would better serve the world doing something else. But there's this idea which is influenced by the moral dictates within Abraham that they must be a father, and so they pursue fatherhood. I believe that if we remove the bias of the Abraham conditioning, you, you would find that there might actually be a biological impulse in some people to not have kids so that they can perform other functions within society like becoming warriors or being artists or devoting their life to statecraft. Many of the greatest politicians the world has seen were without children. Many of the greatest artists that the world has seen did not have children. But Evian woman must have a child because God said so. And even the secular Evian woman, society says so. Society says I must have a child. So therefore I'm going to have a kid. I'm just going to fucking do it. And guess what? Most of these kids who are born in this condition of social pressure, their parents resent their existence. And that's a sad fact of it. I see it all the time. Children are born into circumstances where their parents don't have time for them and they're not willing to give up the Protestant work ethic to make time for those kids. And they're not willing to rail against the system that places them in a condition where they can't make time for those kids. People are mindlessly procreating without considering the condition of the world that they're bringing children into. But of course the system wants you to be tied to child because a child is a great material accessory for the state. And to go in front of you and say, better not have any wrong think, better not say anything bad, because if you do, we're gonna get away or we're gonna fucking put you in jail and then put your kid in the system, in an institution. I mean, they're already in an institution, but they're gonna be to another institution where the state has even more influence on the development of your child's psyche. And that's kicking the compulsive can down the road. If you really, if you Evian women really give a fuck about children, think about the condition of the world and reclaim your feminine sovereignty, regain your shakti and wield it against the system. That's what you should do. One last thing I need to mention in regards to Evian women before I get to the men, because like I said, I'm getting to the men. Don't worry. We have within the Abraham, in the occulted aspects of the Abrahamic tradition this figure of Lilith. Now, Lilith is a figure that is very complex and there's a lot that can be said about her. But in religion I'm speaking on, Lilith is Adam's anima. And what I mean by that is that Lilith is the desired femininity that exists within Adam. He is perceiving the excellence of femininity as Lilith, his first wife. Okay? And Adam does not. Lilith, Lilith leaves Adam. Now, there is this resentment in the Evian woman towards the perception, the idealized perception of femininity that the object of her affection holds. So Adamite man has this anima, this perceived excellence in femininity that he is seeking within himself, that he finds externally. Women know about this. They know what that is represented by for that man. And so this is one of the reasons why Evian woman hates women. Most women in modernity despise other women and their friendships are totally hollow. It's all about social maneuvering. Most women are lucky to have one really good friend because women in modernity are fake social maneuvering manipulators. And so they hate other women. Other women are Lilith to them. And if they can find a way to screw over another woman or get one over on another woman in their pursuit of the masculine. They will do it. They will do it. All right, let's get to Adamite, man now, because, trust me, it's not all the fault of Eve. Even though Adam would like you to think that and God would like you to think that. Oh, let's talk about original sin, okay? If you want to understand modern man. Modern man is unable to assume responsibility for anything. That is modern man in a nutshell. Because ultimately, it's just bitches, man. It's just bitches. If bitches were just fucking cooler and, like, would just not be sneezy and, like, narcissistic and just bpd. If it's just the bitches, man, if they would just fucking calm down, you know, and stop being so out of control, the world would just be better. It would just be better. You know, It's. It's like if they would just not bite that apple. We just stopped taking a bite out of that apple. Everything would be cool. Like, I'm totally innocent here. I've just been sitting over here minding my own business, doing everything that God the Father asked me to do. Like, I've been a good little wage slave. I've gone to my job every day. I haven't raised any fuss over any of the degradation that I faced. I've watched my children be totally brainwashed in front of me to hate me by the public education system. I haven't done a goddamn thing. Like, I'm totally innocent. If these fucking bitches would just get themselves in line, everything would be okay. That is modern man, and that is Adamite man in a nutshell, okay? Because within the Abrahamic tradition, we have this concept of original sin. And it was the Evian woman, it was Eve who is responsible for this. She's the one who took the vial, the apple. So goddamn, it's her fault, right? I'm just minding my own business with these. With these idealized conditions handed to me by this tyrannical God who defines everything that is good and evil for me and tells me that I should live in absolute shame for not meeting his impossible standards that end in total absorption back into him. See, men can excuse their compulsive sexuality because they can say, well, it's just. It's just my nature. I'm not doing anything wrong. It's my biological imperative, you know, I have to do this. Well, I'm telling you, you don't have to be compulsive sexually. If you were a real man, you would not be compulsive. Sexually. You would take control over your sexual urges and you would direct them. And in such a way that is dharmic. But you never reach that condition. Because why should You've been given all of your authority by God already. You're born a man. It's a man's world. Why the fuck should you strive for anything more than that? Unless, of course, God tells you you should. Unless, of course, you feel deep shame. Because everything we do should be motivated by shame, right? Not the affirmation of the things that are good in life. Not the pursuit of Dharma, not the pursuit of beauty. But everything should be motivated by feelings of shame. See, that's the thing. Adamite man is Adamite man gains all of his authority through God. In God's manifestations, he does not assume authority in the self. If he were to assume authority in the self, he would become a God. He would be his own God. He would be an Ubermensch. He would reach that superman state that allows him to separate himself from the conditions of society and not be compelled by modernity. But instead, Adamite man seeks approval. He seeks approval from God. He seeks approval from the state. He seeks approval from nature. Nature. What the fuck is that? I'll get to that in just a moment. And he seeks approval from other men. Other men. And that's so fucking crazy to me that a man would seek approval from other fucking men. That's slave behavior. You don't seek approval from other men. You don't like. Hey, guys, was that the right thing? Am I doing good or am I simping? Shouldn't you know? Shouldn't you be able to make that decision for yourself? No, you have to submit to the will of the crowd, which is just an extension of God. Or you have to submit to the state. Or you have to submit to nature. Now, nature. Let me get to that one. Okay. These. The biological determinists. It's so fucking crazy. Because I see Christians, Muslims and Jews, I see them defer to natural arguments all the time. They talk about fucking biological determinism. And how they have this biological test tendency to do this or that. And it's always, like, the root of their behavior. Like, what is it? Is it the spirit? Is it, we're trying to be spiritually pure? Or are you a fucking animal with no fucking will? What is it? Nature is whatever they want it to be. Nature is that which opens their compulsions. That's what nature is. You know, it's just like the example I gave earlier with, you know, compulsive Sexuality, I have to have sex with as many women as possible. So. Because I need to have more babies. And I don't know how many men have said that to me and they don't have one fucking kid. One fucking kid, man. You're failing as an animal. If you've got this biological tendency to reproduce and you haven't even had one fucking kid yet, that's pretty weak. Please don't have any kids. By the way, if you are in that state right now where you believe that it's your biological directive to have as many children as possible and there's nothing you can about it, you have absolutely no control. Someone just mentioned in the comments here, and that's a very good point, that the laws of mother Nature are lunar. And that is true. The laws of mother Nature are of shakti. Okay? And the goal of a man is to be able to not be compelled by Shakti, but to dance with Shakti willfully, to indulge in shakti. And so in order to do this, you have to have control over yourself. And what's funny is most of these men who talk about this biological imperative that they have to put procreate, they're not whipping it out and jerking off on the corner every time they see a beautiful woman. You know, if it really was just the biological directive that defines what's right and wrong in terms of the behavior of modern man, then you should just pull it out and start jerking off on the street corner. But no, people exhibit degrees of self control, not nearly as much as they probably should to achieve their greatest power and greatest dharma. But they do display some of self control. But yes, Adamite man will just use nature or the state or other men or God to excuse his compulsions. I mean, he is very much like father, that he will just assume authority and tell everyone, he's right, I'm right. Anyone who's against me is impure, is probably a simp or a cuck and should fuck off and die. I'm right. I am not going to question this. No, I'm correct. Now perception of nature is directly related to the manner in which nature is defined by God in the Abrahamic tradition. So there are very clear descriptions of the nature of the cosmos in the Bible. Like for example, the fact that there is inherent superiority of men over women. Of course this is contradicted by other parts of the Bible, but what isn't in the Bible? Everything is a massive contradiction in that way. So yes, there is inherent contradiction here. There's this idea that, well Everything is actually equal because we all come from one source. And don't worry, I'm going to get to that. This idea that man has authority over woman. So which is it? Well, it's whatever you want it to be. Define your condition. You know, you can assume a position of authority and say, oh, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right because nature says I'm right or because other men say I'm right. Well, that's kind of ridiculous, don't you think? You know you're correct because other men say you're right, or you know you're right because God says you're right, or because the state says that what you're doing is the right thing, or nature says you're doing the right thing and it's objective. You just know you're right because of that. Your frame of reference has been entirely externalized to some other force, to some authority. And I don't care what you call it. You can call it nature or you can call it God or whatever, but you are a man who has gone through life without any sort of self exploration. This is unexamined life and an unexamined life is not worth living. Now of course, as I said, there is an obsession with materialism and the Protestant work ethic within modern man because there is confinement to the material and we want to prove that we're a good hard worker. Well, that's just natural. That's just the way things are. We just have to accept it. It's just the way things are. And I don't like, if I had it my way, I would change things. But I'm not God. Well, maybe you should be. Maybe you should be God. Maybe you should assume authority and take some action like a real man instead of being a good little slave. But that is the condition of Adamite man to accept slave morality and enforce it in other men. Okay? So just as we have this horrific penalvy in Evian woman and the rejection of the feminine principle because of the assumed inferiority of the muladhara and genitalia, the rejection of the feminine principle within men, men, modern men, Adamite man has a tendency to always view the feminine principle as inferior. It is written into the culture, the weaker sex. That's what women are called, the weaker sex. And this is something, this is a psychological construct that has reinforced by Abrahamism and it's part of the secular culture as well. Because women feminists do this all the time. They assume a victim position, they assume a position of weakness and they often Abuse that position of weakness, and men assume a position of superiority. The masculine principle is wrapped up in the father culture completely. And so there is this deep fear of castration because God forbid I become like a woman. I don't want that. Because women are weak. Women are the weaker sex. I don't want to be like a woman at all. This is what Freud called the castration complex. He was right. Freud knew a lot about the Abrahamic psychological complexes. The castration complex is related to the rejection of the muladhara, which rested perennium. And so what we have here is this desire to be totally away from Shakti, because that's dirty. That's like wrong and weak. And if I exhibit anything that might be considered feminine, well, then I'm inferior. So men. Men definitely be seen like women. To call to say that a man is like a woman is an extreme assault. But women, on the other hand, want to be more like men because that's how things have been structured as a result of the Abrahamic culture. Women trying to be like men and men trying desperately to not be like women, to disconnect from divine feminine principle completely. But of course, this creates a complex castration complex. And as a result of this castration complex, modern man is extremely feminine. Modern man, Adamite man, lacks all legitimate masculinity. He is entirely compelled by the material world. He is entirely compelled by Shakti because he's afraid of her. Adamite man is terrified of women. Absolutely terrified. And he's got to create all these little containers to be able to talk to women. You know, he's got to work real hard to be able to talk to women, be able to relate to women, to be able to even touch a woman. Because it's a terrifying thing for Adamite man to interact with Shakti in that way. And so, you know, maybe if we can just masculinize the out of women and strip them of all of their shakti, then. Then we can approach them, you know, you know, make control them. You know, we get them under control. They're just way too out of control. Way too crazy. These. These bitches are way too fucking crazy. They all got bpd. We need to the shit out of them and make them submissive. Make like Shiva laying on the floor, and then, then we can interact with them then. That's a good woman. That's a good woman. A woman that makes me work really hard to get her affection. Fuck that. I don't have time for that shit. No, no. Tell myself and all my buddies that I'M better than that. You know, she's high maintenance. Fuck that bitch. But, you know, this super masculinized woman that has completely submitted herself to my will and is the easy pick. Yeah, okay, that's the good one. All right. So that is the condition of Adamite men. He's terrified. And he's also terrified of someone perceiving him as being like a woman. So showing too much emotion, for example, because that's something women do now. That's one thing. They actually did it right. In terms of perception of femininity, emotionalism is very feminine. We associate it with the Manipura. So it's associated with the active world and expressions of shakti, on the first order of consciousness. So men don't want to be seen as emotional. So what do they do? Well, Adamite man has a tendency to try to bottle everything up and never examine those emotions. Can't do that. No self examination, because that would, you know, that's like a woman does that. Fucking women do that. I can't do that. I'm a real man. I cannot have emotion. I'm a real man. I need to be stoic as fuck and have no emotion. Well, there is a place for having control of your emotions, obviously, just like there's a place for having control over your sexuality. But to deny your emotions completely and have some kind problem with them, to view them as an issue and something that makes you weak. And a lot of them do. Modern man is obsessed with suppressing his emotions. Or like Evian woman, there's a reactionary tendency as well. And men who are resentful of the fact that they haven't been able to display femininity, their feminine quality and their emotions, and they become entirely consumed by emotion. And they cry over everything. And they're way too sensitive to the world and they have no balance. They have no control. Get angry and they just scream. They scream at women, you know, they beat women and attack them and just go wild and crazy because they resent being told that they need to shut up and be in line. And that's what the system is teaching them. The system is teaching men from a very young age that you need to sit down in your desk and shut your fucking mouth and listen to your brainwash session and just accept everything that you're being told that was happening within the classrooms, which are all structured, you guessed it, on the Abrahamic tradition and everything that has come from it. So man cannot reject the muladhara, because the muladhara in Shakti is the foundation of this age, in the Kali Yuga, the material world, is the foundation of this age. And of course, men want sex. Men want shock. But they think Shakti's weak and sick and degenerate and disgusting and this pathetic creature, but they want a her. So that's that weird tendency that that Adamite man has saying, like, that that chick's fucked up, but I'd fuck her. Because, you know, you're so. You're such a man that you have to fuck everything you see and completely lower your standards as much as possible to prove that you still have a sex drive. You know, you gotta. The second you walk out the front door, your dick will be hard as fuck the second you walk out the front door. Otherwise you ain't no fucking man. You know, like, you gotta have, like, total compulsive sexuality in that way. But of course, women suck, right? Because they're weak. And the Bible tells us so. The Bible tells us that they're weak. They're also the cause of all the evil in the world because, you know, Eve bit the apple and they're the cause of all the evil in the world. So everything that has come about in this fallen condition is because of woman. And so, like Jordan Peterson says, you know, if women would just calm down, if women would just get themselves in line, you know, if women would just stop being out of control and they would apply the beautiful principles of the Evian woman to relate to men properly, you know, that everything would be all right. We live in this beautiful utopia of nothingness, complete nihilism. So there is this obsession with being a father in Adamite man. And it's not related to the moral dictate of having children that I spoke about earlier. It's also because within the Abrahamic tradition, what is good in terms of masculinity, as I said, is defined by the ideation of God. Because everyone in that tradition is living in the dream of God. And all of these secular traditions, the secular culture, the social standards of the secular culture are based on the psychical imprint of Abrahamism. Still, they're not based on the psychological imprint of Arianism, I can tell you that much. We're not living in the realm of Shakti and Shiva being respected. We are living in the realm reactionary tendencies against Yahweh or the standard of Yahweh being held up as that which is most pure. And so fatherhood, or the condition of acting as the father within society is held up as the prime condition. Now, what does fatherhood mean in that cultural fork? In that psychological matrix. Well, it's Father as defined by the Abrahamic tradition, which is represented by the behaviors of Yahweh. Now let's at look, look at the actions of Yah in the Bible. He gaslights the shit out of everybody. He is a tyrannical bastard. He murders and he commends rapists. He's just an all around bastard. All right? Now if you look about, if you look about the world, if you look out at the world now and you see the kinds of behaviors that men are trying to assume whenever they reach that position of masculinity, dominance, total dominance over women. Sit down, shut the up. Total political dominance. We want, we want theocracy. We want an absolute theocracy. We want complete fucking dominance. Social circle or within our house. Or you have a reaction to this, which is the, like the male feminist who, because he resents this expectation of acting like Yahweh, the father, he goes the opposite direction and he says, I want no authority. I want women to just walk all over me. I'm going to be a weak little cretin and just be completely destroyed and dominated. Like I said, listen, there are people karmically can be into domination and things like that. In the right context, that's fine. But in a compulsive way, in a reaction to the Abrahamic disease and affirming that disease in either direction, no, that's not good. That's compulsive and we need to root that out. But there's this possessiveness that develops because God possesses the world. So man must possess everything in his domain. And that has led to the development of a rape culture. Now the feminine are not wrong in saying that there is a rape culture. There definitely is a rape culture. There is this oppression of a lack of boundaries and men asserting themselves socially in ways that are really beyond any sort of healthy interaction between men and women have reached a point now in the west where they can. They don't feel like there's any genuine interaction with men. And there usually isn't because Adamite man is totally compelled by his sexuality. He is compelled by his fear of the muladhara. And every interaction that he has with women is about how can I manipulate this woman to have sex with her. That's the condition of most men in modern. And it's just the truth. And I'm sorry to tell you ladies, but that's how it is. And if you don't know, you should hear the kind of conversations that men have behind closed doors about women. It would probably disturb the shit out of you. Men, generally speaking, are not interested in having any sort of genuine interaction with women. They just want to feed that compulsive need to have sex. And it's not based on quality, it's based on quantity. Because like I said, we're dealing with raw materiality here. There's deep materialism within modernity. And so these men are not seeking any sort of tantric union or divine union. This isn't shakti sitting on the lap of Shiva. This is just an Abrahamic raper. And that's what has spread throughout the entire world. Now in the west, it's more in terms of the implicit social interaction between men and women and the fact that men are ready to abuse their position socially in order to get what they want. And they will also try to inject this into the political sphere as often as possible. Now in the Middle east and in much of Asia, the rape culture is more explicit because those men have been able to maintain a tight grip on the political sphere and suppress any of the sort of reactionary tendencies against the hard line curvidative expression of Abrahamic culture. So in those areas, the sexual assault is just explicit and rampant and horrible. But it's all bad. Whether it's spiritual, rape or physical, it's all bad. You know, and we've gotten to a point now we're on YouTube, you're not even supposed to say the word rape. Well, I'm going to say it because they don't want you to express. The system does not want you to express the truth of what's going on in the world. So they want to censor words because words have power. It's mantra. Like I said at the beginning of this lecture, prophecy is mantra. The more you repeat the mantra, the more power it has. The more you believe in the mantra, the more power it has. If they can censor words, if they can censor statements, then they can prevent you from being able to make a difference. So we have this condition now in society where men and women have to manipulate one another to get what they want. There's no sort of genuine interaction between men and women because it's based upon the idea of securing a contract. We just have to get that covenant. Once we get that covenant in place, then we can get everything we want. We can have all the material splendor we want. And this is promoted by society. Society is not teaching men and women from a young age to relate to each other in a genuine way. This was how it worked in the Aryan world, there were systems of in place to be able to teach young men and women how to relate to one another, to seek quality over quantity, and to not be compelled into manipulating others for some kind of outcome that is spiritually degrading. They taught people to higher purpose and unify their sexuality. Unify sexuality at Shaki with sexuality at Shiva. So you can have a holistic expression, expression of sexuality, but that is not present in the materialistic dogma and compulsion of modernity. Instead, we have the contractual obligation of Abrahamic marriage. Now, how does this impact the way we relate to the wider social organization? Because, like I said, sexual prana is extremely powerful and it is at the root of many things. If your interactions with men or women are based upon manipulation, just telling a woman whatever she wants so that she'll fuck you, or, you know, getting a man wrapped up in a marriage so that you can exploit him and take his money and use him. How does psychosexual expression manifest itself on a macro scale? Well, just take a look at the banking system. Usury. Usury, which has its roots in the Abrahamic tradition, is a psychosexual expression of this will to dominate. The bank wants to fuck you. And it will tell you as many lies as possible. It will tell you whatever you want to hear to get you to get that loan, that line of credit. So now it has you, it has you in a covenant, it has you in a marriage, and now it can use the shit out of you. It's usury. And these banks are getting off on using people in the same way that Adamite man gets off on going to a bar and telling a woman what she wants to hear so that can take her back to his house and exploit the fact that she probably feels really fucking bad about herself because she is in the condition of the Evian woman, so that he can use her and just, you know, get kicks and then move on to the next one. That is what our entire economic system is based on. It is sexual repression and all the frustration from that taken out on us by the banking system. And not only that, industry takes out its sexual frustration. Mother Earth ruthlessly exploiting, using natural resources with no consideration for the degradation of the feminine principle, which is represented by the earth. So if you want to know why there's so much debt in the world and so much deception and so much usury and so much physical degradation of our natural environments, just look at the sexual relationships between men and women. That's the power of sexual prana. And the tantrics have Known about this for thousands of years. And one of the principles of yoga is gaining control of that sexual prana and directing it in such a way so that you can use it to make the world a better place. Embrace your dharma. But instead, instead we live in a world that's based on uses of Abrahamism and Abraham pimping his wife. And women just being seen as inferior and something to be used. And then men being seen as a workhorse, a pack mule to use to gain material goods. So if you want to change the world, you've got to change your sexual relations. You have to change the way you view sex. You have to change the way that you, if you're a man, you have to change the way you relate to women. If you're a woman, you have to change the way you relate to man. And things will develop from there. Because like I said, this is an aspect of prophecy. If we believe in these conditions, if we just accept these conditions and we continue to direct our sexual process prana into this idealized world. And I mean ideal as in the best. I mean this is the idea of the Abrahamics, what they want to bring about. If we continue to put all of our prana into this, it's just going to cause more destruction. The ultimate expense of this is the Judeo Christian military industrial complex and radical Islam which seeks to just destroy everything. And those institutions. Radical Islam and the Judeo Christian military industrial complex are fed by sexual repression. The men and women who are the driving force in those institutions are deeply repressed people who are taking out their frustrations on the world. Now I just want to say a couple more things about the nature of Adamite man and some of the destructive elements of culture that have resulted from this. For one, there implicit homosexuality in Adamite man. Now let me be very clear that homosexuality is not inherently bad. It is not inherently adharmic. But certain manifestations of homosexuality can be extremely adharmic. Especially if there's a condition where a man has homosexualities and deeply represses these tendencies and does not recognize them and seek to understand why he has these tendencies. Because in some cases these homosexual tendencies are just a result of the Abrahamic culture expressing itself. Father cults are inherently homosexual because there is a rejection of the feminine principle. And that which is most beautiful is the Father, which is the, the divine masculine condition. So everything that is good is directed back to the Father. So there is an implicit homosexuality in the Abrahamic culture because if God the Father is the epitome of beauty, if Christ is the epitome of beauty. And the feminine principle is inferior, the earth inferior, Shakti is inferior. Then ultimately, if you're going to perceive the object of your sexual fantasy and your steam, the culture, it's going to be the masculine principle. So Christianity is inherently homosexual, Islam is inherently homosexual. Theism is inherently homosexual. Okay, but not in a healthy way. Because at the same time that these, that these traditions are inherently homosexual, they reject homosexuality and call it a sin. So this is yet another internal contradiction. Your entire tradition is based upon recognizing the beauty of the divine Father. And that is the principle of beauty. The trad husbands are listening to their trad talk about how great the Pope is or how beautiful Christ is or how beautiful God is all day long and how he's number one and how he should be number one for them too, in their marriage. Christ comes first in my marriage. That's gay. And I'm not saying this to insinuate that homosexuality bad in any way, because I don't believe it is. I believe that there is dharmic expressions of homosexuality. But if you do not assess the nature of your homosexuality, you won't know the origin point. Some people are born gay and some people are gay because they're Christians. And that's just the way it is. Just look at the Catholic Church if you want proof of this. Because the Catholic Church literally is one giant gay party. And of course it is, but it's. It's repressed homosexuality. And that's a problem because when you repress some aspect of your sexuality and you develop shame over it, that binds up your sexuality somewhere in your system. In Tantra we relate this to the. And so we would say that your sexuality is bound up somewhere in your chakras. There's a problem there. And repression in this way causes that binding. So you have to release that binding. Well, Abrahamism does not offer a release of that binding. And what is the reactionary aspect of this? Because like I said, there's always a reactionary aspect. For every trad wife, there's a radical feminist. For every Adamite man, there's a male feminist. So what is the reactionary aspect of this repressed sexuality? It's the total embrace of every little inclination to any sort of homosexuality or transsexuality. The total embrace. As soon as someone feels in any way any sort of homosexuality or anything outside of a heterosexual tendency, that person is 100% gay, has to embrace this as their lifestyle, their new identity, and just fucking throw themselves into that culture. So that's the reactionary Aspect and it comes from resentment because people are being told, you're not allowed to have your own sexuality. Your sexuality is going to be defined by the social order, okay? Whether that's the left wing social order or the right wing social order. We're going to define the conditions, we're going to set the terms, and we're going to shame you into accepting those terms because you're not allowed to be your own God. You're not allowed to define your own state in terms of your sexuality. So there is an implicit homosexuality, an Adamite man that needs to be reconciled. If you can't escape that system, you're not going to be able to understand why that tendency is present. Why you so badly want to attend the savage hawks of the sky, super ultra masculine treat with free burritos provided to everyone and free WI fi so that we can all become the greatest men possible together. Be shirtless all day long. It's totally not gay. Not at all. Worshiping the sun is what we do. It's our solar principle. It's our biological dictate. Last thing I want to talk about, and I gotta say, be pretty fucked up, but I have to talk about it because it's like, it's really. We're getting now to the point where modernity has progressed to such a point where the sickness has really set itself in. And I gotta say, listen, abramism is a mental illness, okay? Maybe there's some people who are dharmically aligned to the Abrahamic tradition and that means that you're dharmically mentally ill. I'm sorry, but that's what it means. Because Abrahamism is mental illness and this tradition is in the mind. Now, of course they will fucking say that you're crazy if you believe this, but I'll get to that in a minute. But it is a mental illness. And so this gets in people's heads and it roots. And I'm telling you right now because I'm about to talk about something that's very controversial. I want to once again state that Abrahamism is not in the blood, okay? This is not an aspect of the blood, all right? This is a magical tradition that people embrace or they're forced into socially, or it has some wider social influence on the secular culture that influences the progression of modernity. So there is no one single race that is responsible for this, okay? So we're not going to say that this is a problem of race. We wipe out this one group of people, then everything will just be better. That's not the Truth of it. The truth of it is that this mental illness is set in torture and it will continue to manifest in new forms. Okay? Even if you got rid of Christianity and Islam and Judaism, Abrahamism is in the culture. It's taken on secular forms. It's taken on forms that parade as paganism too. It's taken on different forms. You can identify it if you study the origin point and you recognize its progression over time. But you're not going to eliminate it by a limited people, okay? So let's make that clear. Incest fantasies. All right, so if you've been on a porn website in the past, like 10 years or so, you will see this growing obsession with. With incest porn. Okay? Now, I personally find this to be quite disturbing. Now, I'm not the arbiter of good morals. I don't even believe in good and evil. But personally, to my taste, I find this quite disturbing. Especially when I consider the influence that abramism has had development of modern culture. I mean, it is modern culture. And what this means in terms of the Genesis prophecy. So let's think about the Genesis prophecy. One man and one woman. And they are the people that procreate and created all of us, all of humanity. So somebody fucked their mom or somebody fucked up. There's some seriously fucked up shit going on there. It's just. It has to be. That's the logic of it. Because in that prophecy, everything comes from one source. And magically speaking, if you study the tradition of the cardinal directions of magic, the northern tradition, which is the most intense expression of father cults, and the Western tradition, which is the intellectual expression of the father cult, everything comes from one point, which we call a monistic point. So this is one single point, okay? So if you draw your awareness to the foundation of the cosmos as being one single point, that means that the cosmos itself is incestuous. There was no fundamental division at any point in time, alright? Now, when your sexuality is wrapped up in a culture that is founded on the principle of one man and one woman that got together and created everybody, all right? There is this implicit incest in the Abrahamic sexuality. So not only do we have implicit sexual homosexuality, we have implicit incest in Abrahamic sexuality. Now this gets pretty fucked up because I am well versed in Christian apologetics and I know that there are apologists. I'm not going to mention any names this up. You will find them. There are apologists who say that, well, yes, it's true. Adam and Eve had sex and their children had sex and There was incestuous relationships, but it's okay because God put more diversity in the blood of Adam and Eve so they did not have fucked up mutant Hills have Eyes kids. And the only reason that incest could ever be wrong is because we've reached a point now where we've bred so much that somehow as a result of this, our genetic potential, our genetic diversity inside of ourselves has fallen so far away from the gold standard of Adam and Eve that if we fuck our sister, we will have Hills have Eyes mutant baby. So that's the only reason why it's wrong, I swear to you. This is an actual apologetics argument that is given by a popular Christian organization. So please look up the apologetics for Adam and Eve and incest. It's fascinating, but incest is. Incest is deeply ingrained in the Abrahamic tradition. And actually now if we examine the behavior those populations that have been most inundated, I will say most damaged or abused by the Abrahamic tradition, we will find ridiculously high levels of incest. Okay, so this is going to get controversial, but just hang on, because I promise you, I. I'm not a deplorable, vulgar racist that needs to be canceled. I promise you I'm not. Promise you. Promise you. I'm very pluralistic and liberal in my views. So just wait a minute your reaction and let me get to this. Okay, so if we look at the countries where incest is the strongest, we have places like Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Israel. And in fact, the group with the strongest history of incestuous relationships is the ashkenazi Jew population, 2/5 of which have been shown by studies to be descended from four women. Now, I want to make it. Oh, I also have to say that Ashkenazi Jewish population being exposed viciously to the abuse of Abrahamic culture. Not they're not born with it, they are exposed directly to it. And they take the mental disease if they embrace the tradition. Okay, so it's not inherent in them, but they have accumulated over time 20 recessive hereditary disorders that are almost never seen in other populations. Now people will say I'm insane for saying what they say about Abrahamism. Yeah, I am insane for calling Abramism a mental disorder. Not the people who have forced a tradition on a small group of humans who now have developed 20 almost unique recessive hereditary disorders as a result of the moral dictates that they have been granted and insane fucking racism they have embraced as a result of that mental disorder. Yeah, I'm insane. Not those motherfuckers now, why is this? Why has the. And actually, I want to mention something. If you examine the extremity of the attachment to Abrahamic tradition in various populations, going from the Ashkenazi Jews down through Islam into the Christians, you can actually see this strata. You can see this, the movement from very intense incestuous relationships to moderately intense down to minor. But there is, within those populations, Christians, Muslims, very intense expressions of Judaism, incest, strong impulse of incest. And in the secular cultures, we see the lowest examples of incest. But there's no watching the incest porn. So sorry, guys, you didn't really escape the confines of the fucking disorder. You're still embracing the conceptual incest and come from well within the. Let's talk about the Ashkenazi population because, you know, they so rarely are spoken of now by someone who does not dig their own grave with vulgar racism and talking points that will get them jettisoned from the earth. But I will make it very clear. I do not hate Jews. I do not hate Christians. I do not hate Muslims. I hate Judaism. I hate Christianity, I hate Islam. The people. I care about these people. I care about Jews. And to call them Jews is fucked up. I mean, to call someone a Jew racially is actually really disturbing because what has happened here is you had a group of people and ethnicity that had a religious tradition grafted onto their ethnicity. And that's not fair because how can you fucking escape that? What if you're born with that blood but don't agree with the tradition? Now you have this tradition grafted onto your identity. That's wrong. That is so up and abusive to attach a religious tradition to a group of people so that they're born into it and forced into it. And if they want to reject it, everyone will still attach their identity to that tradition. Because here they say I'm Jewish. Oh, you're Jewish. So you agree with the state of Israel? No, no, I don't agree with the state of Israel. I'm just. I'm Jewish. I was born with Jewish blood. Oh, okay. Are you. Do you have a rabbi? No, I'm just Jewish. That's. That is wrong. Okay. And personally, I don't like to call people Jewish as an ethnic designation because I think that the Abrahamists who have abused this world in their magical tradition are hiding behind ethnicity. They're hiding behind different ethnicities. You know, like take for example, the condition within National Socialist Germany where people who are ethnically Jewish were lumped in with people who practiced the tradition, the Abrahamic tradition. When Hitler decided to persecute those people based upon their ethnicity. He did nothing to stop the advancement of the Abrahamic tradition in the world. And he sped up the advancement because what happened was people who assumed the position of religious identity were able to point to that and say, look, we were. There was a cultural genocide, ethnic genocide against us. So we need special protections for our religious tradition. All right? To put this in perspective, most people on here don't like, maybe not mostly this, but most people in the world don't like devil worshippers. All right? Most people in the world don't like devil worshipers. Now imagine if in National Socialist Germany, Hitler had said, I'm going to put all the devil worshipers in a concentration camp. But there was already a long standing tradition where devil worshipers have the same type of hair and the same shape of nose and they from the same region and they have this ethnic designation and they call themselves racially devil worshipers. But also they have this practice of devil worship that is attached to them. So there's some devil worshipers who are just ethnically devil worshipers and then there's others who are spiritual devil worshipers and actually practice the devil worship, okay? And then you have this guy who comes along who says, wait a minute, there's these devil worshipers in my country who are doing things don't like, let's just put them all in a camp, all right, and then kill them. Okay? So I don't care about what your thoughts are on the Holocaust. Doesn't really matter. The fact of the matter is the Holocaust is recognized as probably the most important event of the 20th century by the mainstream world. And a lot of prana is put into it. And so what happened as a result of this was you had this psychic connection between a race of people and a religious tradition. Now when I criticize Abrahamism, I am not criticizing ethnic Jews. That's not my criticism, okay? Because to me, when I say Jew, I mean the religious tradition, I mean the magical tradition. And I don't designate, magically speaking, between a Christian and a Jew. To me a Christian is a Jew, to me a Muslim is a Jew. They all practice a magical tradition that was born out of Judaism, all right? So they all practice the same tradition, okay? So I recognize white Jews and black Jews and Asian Jews, whether they want to call themselves Christians or Muslims or whatever, alright? And I prefer the term Abrahamist because I think that it sums up the cultural aspect. But I want to make this very clear that when I mention something about the Ashkenazi Jews and how many of them have suffered from incest and how that has been ingrained into the culture. This is not to criticize these people for their blood. It's to make a point that serious abuse is happening based upon a fucking mental disorder that is spreading globe in different forms and is infecting all institutions and is driving us insane, destroying relationships between men and women. I'm talking about Adamite man and Evian woman. That's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about the Genesis prophecy. I'm talking about this horrible condition that is destroying the ability of men and women to have heavy, healthy relationships. No matter what race you are, no matter what country you're born to. This disease has spread throughout the entire globe. And if we're going to do anything about it, we can't shame anybody. We can't blame anybody for their condition of birth. We have to recognize that when we're born, we all have a potential to change and to have some impact against that system. We all have the potential to fight back, to take a stand against the Abrahamic disorder and bring about a plurality. Polytheism, the Eastern fire, that tradition that we find in Tantra, yoga, for example, and many other ancient traditions. Resurrecting these cultures and recognizing their individuated beauty and recognizing the individual beauty of men and women and seeing them for who they really are, not exploiting them, not entering into a condition of usury in our romantic relationships, but truly finding love and beauty and achieving sacred union. The Shat Kona shakti on the lap of Shiva. Thank you all, Good night.