Quite some time ago, my consort and I traveled to Providence, Rhode Island. Now, if you're not familiar with Providence, it is a medium sized city in the state of Rhode island, which is the smallest state in the United States. And it was the home of the prolific weird fiction writer, H.P. lovecraft. Now, this was an important journey to me because Lovecraft is one of the greatest influences in my own life. I have, since I was a child, been a great fan of the works of Lovecraft. And Lovecraft represents a stream of thought that is far beyond the realm of fiction. I would consider him to be one of the most important mystics that the world has ever seen, because he tapped into aspects of the occult that historians, traditionalists like Julius Evola and Rene Guinon, many yogins, many tantrics, he tapped into things that they were not able to tap into. He was very deep into the stream of the spirit, into what we call subtle space. And so he was able to access that which is beyond the material form. His works are metaphysical masterpieces if you know where to look, if you have the key of understanding. So I want to tell you a bit about my travels to Providence. This was the first time I had gone to Providence. And on the way into town, I started to get this strange sense of something not being quite right. It was a sickness starting to develop. And as I got closer and closer to the town, it was very late at night. We've been traveling for hours. As we got closer to the town, I felt this sickness overtaking me. It had become an atmosphere. It wasn't just something inside of my own body. It was like the entire land was sick. And I could have chalked it all up to some kind of psychological reaction because I was so familiar with the works of Lovecraft. But I know myself better than that. And I know that it wasn't just a trick of the mind. There was a real atmosphere to this place, something beyond my mind, something beyond my physical being, a real spiritual current. And so when we finally made it into town, we found a place to park for the night, found a place to camp. And I had strange dreams, very, very intense dreams. And in these dreams, I was seeing images of cephalopods. I was seeing an octopus. And this octopus was trying to make. Make its way up onto my shoulders and around to my chest. And then I woke up. But I was in a state between my dream state and my waking state. And in this state, I felt the tentacles of the octopus try to shove into my mouth and into my throat and into my chest and stomach. This was different from most forms of subtle space work that I'm doing, because usually if I'm accessing some aspect of subtle space, I'm doing it willfully. But this was alien to me. This seemed to be forced upon me. And so I started to think, and I thought all day. And then we visited the final home of Lovecraft. Outside the home was a massive murder of crows. And they were making so much noise, and it was crazy. An insane number of crows. Very potent, very powerful atmosphere. And it was funny because I thought about how atmosphere was so important to the writing of Lovecraft, and everything surrounding him was intensely atmospheric. It is something of the spirit. The land had a spirit to it and the waters surrounding Providence, because Providence sits on the Atlantic Ocean. So you have all of these waters coming into the town, and there's a real energy about the place. And I started to think about what Lovecraft was really tapping into in his writings. I developed a theory. I want to present that to you. You must consider that human beings are not the only form of life that has a concept of divinity. This is the core of Lovecraft's works, the idea that there is an inhuman divinity, something that is so poisonous to us that we can't possibly access it. And if we do access it, it drives us mad, because when we try to empathize with something that is that potent, our entire concept of reality collapses. It's just too far from what we can consider to be life and something that is understandable in form. And so consider this. The gods of Lovecraft's work, they have a relationship with the cephalopod. You have these tentacled beings. You have these beings that crawl. They have a strange body, so different from the human body. They find refuge in the seas. Lovecraft was surrounded by water. He was surrounded by the sea. He had direct access to it. In Tantra, we associate the element of water with spirit. This is very important to consider, because what is a God? A God is an object of worship. That's what a God is. So you can be a God, I could be a God. Anything can be a God. It's a matter of perspective. You recognize the divinity of an object of worship, and to become a God yourself, you must worship yourself is how you achieve godhood ultimately. Now, there is a high degree of subjectivity in what is considered to be a God. What I think is a God, my object of worship is probably different from your object of worship. So we can't just say that God is defined by the Abrahamic standard of yahweh. Whatever other name you want to give to the Abrahamic God. We can't just operate on that standard. That is an arbitrary standard, that is attempting to establish itself as objective. But it's not, it's subjective as well. So we all have this subjective idea of divinity. Now consider this. There are creatures of this world that are in a state, subjective worship. Maybe you own a pet, maybe you have a pet dog or a cat. That animal worships you. They recognize you as the one who provides their food, their shelter, affection. You are a God to that creature. Maybe you have human children, you're a God to those children. Now when we consider the implications of divinity expressed in the non human world, this raises a question. Within Tantra we recognize that there are streams of spirit traditionally that can be tapped into. And those streams can form new gods that carry the same line of music, energetic, signature. They are their own personality, but they have deep similarities with other aspects of divinity. And they are personalities. That is what we are saying. We're saying that Odin is real, Zeus is real, Indra is real. You can speak to these beings, you can interact with them, they can interact with you, they can cause changes in the physical world. They are potent, they are as real as you are. That is what we discover through tantric practice. And you can discover this, you can experience this for yourself through practice. Now consider, there are creatures in this world that have naturally a much deeper connection to the spirit than humans. Because their element, the element that shapes their environment, the way that they experience consciousness, the atmosphere that surrounds them is the water, is the great ocean. Consider the cephalopod, an extremely intelligent creature surrounded by the spirit existing within it. It flows through the life of this creature. And so this cephalopod may develop in its own way, in its own subjective form, divinity, or a concept of divinity, or a practice of divinity. And in that practice can tap into the cosmic stream, that grand symphony that gives life to the gods. And what do you get? What do you get when you take this inhuman consciousness that is connected to the waters spirit and you put it in touch with that cosmic symphony? You get cosmic horror. Cosmic horror in the form of a divine intelligence that is beyond the confines of the material experience. Something metaphysical that can interact with you. Just like you are able to invade the space of the sea creature and interact with it. Just as your religion can influence the way that you interact with that environment, the perspective that you hold over that environment, the same can be said for the non human expression of divinity, the alien God, that twisting mass of indiscernible divinity that is able to influence your world in the same way that Zeus may throw a thunderbolt or Poseidon may call up the seas, and that. That is what Lovecraft represents. He represents the doorway to an expression of divinity that is beyond human understanding. Something so poisonous, something so poisonous, so intense, that when you go beyond the wall of sleep, there's nothing for you but madness. Now imagine if you did have the capability to understand that consciousness, what would it do to you? When we practice bhakti, when we worship something within tantra, we're trying to take on its essence. So with that said, if you worship the essence of the Old Ones, do you become like an Old One yourself? Do you become like the creature that gave birth to that stream of divinity? Do you unlock something inside of you? Most people would be surprised to find out, because I espouse so many ideas that are way outside the acceptable realm of science that I am a proponent of, or at least a personal believer in Darwin's theory of evolution. Now, I don't see this as being incompatible with my practices, with the way that I perceive reality. Evolutionarily speaking, we have the building blocks of all forms of life within us. You can see patterns of similarity between creatures on this planet, Bone structures, organs. And some of these forms are more or less similar to us, but it's all there. It's all there. And the cephalopod is far from similar to us, but it's there. The connection is there. The spirit is there. So somewhere within you, there's some aspect of that consciousness and some of that creeping horror that you experience whenever you think on the Old Ones and the works of Lovecraft, maybe that's just an awareness of that deep, strange, alien nature, that potential that's within you that is called upon when you hear that call from the deep. From the deep, from the sea, from the self.