The question of what makes a man is more confused than at any other time in history. And that is because mankind has made advancements in medical science that allows for the examination of the exact amount of certain chemicals in the body. Chemicals relating to things like sex, biological sex and gender identity. Most young men in the United States who are exposed to self improvement culture or fitness culture or the red pill are probably quite familiar with their testosterone level because within modernity, sex has been diminished to the role of hormones. There is this idea that men are made by testosterone, and the amount of testosterone that you have in your body is equal to the level of manliness that you possess. But of course, this is a grand confusion, because man is more than just hormones. Man is more than just the gross material form. Man possesses emotions which emanate from the gut. He possesses a mind, he possesses a spirit, and he possesses blood. All of these elements combine to create a man. And if you focus too intently upon one element, namely the blood, namely the amount of testosterone you have in your body, you are going to sever yourself from all of the pathways to fully realized manhood that are made available through connection to the gut, to the mind, to the spirit. If you become totally obsessed with your testosterone levels, you won't see the potentialities that exist within the development of your manhood from a spiritual perspective or from an intellectual perspective, or connecting with your emotions in a way that is essentially manly. But of course, the very concept of manhood is so distorted and severed from tradition that most men don't even know where to begin in order to behave like a man. For example, testosterone, which medical science wrongly associates with the male aspect, is in fact a chemical that is of a divine feminine nature. Testosterone makes you active, it makes you aggressive, it makes you chaotic, it turns you into shakti. Estrogen, on the other hand, in high levels, it is depressive, it makes you passive, it turns you into shiva. So why is it that men develop higher levels of testosterone as they begin to mature and women develop higher levels of estrogen? Well, that's because these hormones are the physical manifestation of the adversarial sex within each individual. And so for a man to integrate shakti, he develops higher levels of testosterone. For a woman to integrate Shiva, she must develop higher levels of estrogen. These are the physical reflections of the metaphysical concept of the divine masculine and divine feminine as a point that you must chase, you must pursue through yoga. So then, what is the problem with injecting pure shakti into your body if you're a man? Or injecting pure Shiva into your body. If you're a woman, the problem is that you are placing too much energy in the gross material form and you are interfering with your dharmic expression. Now, of course, there are rare examples of of individuals who would benefit holistically from injecting testosterone or estrogen. But the vast majority of people who inject these hormones, including people who do it in order to change their biological sex, men who inject estrogen into their body in an attempt to become a woman, all they're doing is injecting pure Shiva, pure divine masculine energy into their body. They are not undergoing a process of transforming into a woman. Instead, they are becoming this chimera of confusion. The same goes for for women who inject testosterone. This is not a yogic connection to the divine masculine or divine feminine. Now, can you connect to these other states, the adversarial state of your biology, without utilizing hormones? Yes, of course you can. You can do this through physical practices. Men can become more physically active through yogic practices in order to increase their testosterone levels. And they do so in natural balance with their dharma, with their nature, the nature that they were born with. The same can be said for women. You can form healthy balances of these chemicals within the body if you live a healthy lifestyle, if you become yogic. But it's not just about the biology. It's about connecting with the divine feminine and divine masculine elements in all aspects of the self. Through your emotional expression, through your passions, pursuing those things that you love. Maybe you're a man who enjoys passive activities, and so you're going to put more weight on the divine masculine aspect. Maybe you are a man who enjoys active expression, and so you're going to pursue the divine feminine aspect. Either way, you're going to realize your dharma if you follow your passion. And no one path is superior to another. So long as you are acting in accordance with your nature, you are living dharmically. The same can be said for the mind, pursuing ideas that bring you in alignment with a contemplative state or an active state, the aspect of Shiva or the aspect of shakti. This is something that is pursued on an individual level. And no standard should be set by society that says this is the one way that every man should be, or this is the one way that every woman should be. This is what leads to confusion and reactionary behavior where individuals in utilize chemical injection in order to regain the autonomy that has been stripped from them by an unhealthy adharmic culture. What about the spiritual connection? Maybe you can find an avenue to connect to Shiva or shakti through ritual practice, through connection to subtle space, through bhakti. But you're not going to know what the healthy balance of spirit, mind, passion and blood looks like for you if you undercut yourself immediately by injecting yourself with hormones. Don't do it unless it is absolutely medically necessary. It is only going to interfere with your dharmic expression and sever you from a true realization of the self.