When I began my yogic practices, all I could find within the Indian tradition, within the Germanic tradition, within every tradition, was a bias towards the Sun. Everything that I was taught was directing me towards pure transcendence. But I knew that there was something more, something beyond the Right Hand Path, something greater. And I discovered it in the Left Hand Path. And the problem with the Left Hand Path is that it is very misunderstood and misrepresented by transcendently oriented schools of magic. The Left Hand Path is often associated with specific practices instead of a general nature of the path. See, because you can use practices that are associated with the Left Hand Path, but still be oriented towards transcendence, such as Aleister Crowley and Thelema. Thelema is a solar cult that utilizes the trappings of the Left Hand Path in order to appeal to people who have some inkling of understanding of the path. Power of dark aesthetics. See. But I saw beyond that in my practice. And I realized that if I wanted to achieve the true goal of the Left Hand Path, which is imminence, expression of the ego into eternity, I had to create a new system. I had to clarify these ideas. And so I created, through my yoga school, Ride the Tiger Yoga, a new system of Left Hand Path yoga called Vi Viagra Yoga. Within Viagra Yoga, the true expression of the Left Hand Path is given. And it is through this path that we find our only escape from the Solar Death Cult. A rejection of the idea of pure transcendence and the restoration of balance in the cosmos. By throwing ourselves fully into the opposing force, and by throwing ourselves into the opposing force, the symbolic black sun, we achieve immanence, we achieve the divine. In the ego, we become like a God. Now, when I say that we become like a God, I need to explain myself, because this is a very difficult concept to understand. And it took me many years of practice before I had this realization. The reason why pure transcendence is so heavily promoted by the solar Call, by the Right Hand Path schools of magic, is because when you reach the point of transcendence, you reach the point of total detachment. You achieve ego death. And when you achieve ego death, you are no longer a threat to the Sky Father. He does not have to see you as a rival anymore. Because the Sky Father hates anything that does not dissolve into his own consciousness. That is not a return to the monistic oneness. And so when you reach that point of transcendence, you are encouraged to remain there. But there is a point beyond transcendence, because once you reach that point of self mastery through Transcendence. You can re enter the world. And you can use those things that would have destroyed you in order to build your will, in order to express your power and in order to achieve self realization, in order to achieve imminence, the cultivation of the ego. And that is the true goal of the Left Hand Path. And that is the goal of Viagra Yoga. Now, how to become like a God? You must cultivate the ego. The ego is simply individuated consciousness. At the monistic point of the cosmos, when all things are one, there is not individuated consciousness. There is one ego, the ego of the void. When this is broken, when you have the flood, when shakti enters the cosmos and you have a separation of things, this is when the one consciousness becomes many. And each individual who possesses a consciousness possesses an ego. As I said, this is the individuated consciousness. Now, the ego is not simply the body. It is not simply the mind, and it is not simply the spirit. It is all of these things. And these things, the body, the mind, the spirit, the tri part self. These things cannot be separated. They are intertwined. They make you who you are. And you cannot exist as a being without all of these components together. The Right Hand Path has tried to convince people that when death arrives, the spirit is separated from the body and the spirit is depicted as the true self. But this is nonsense. Because the spirit without the body and without the mind is nothing. It can't express itself as it did whenever life was giving it a spark. You see, the spirit is not superior to the mind or the body. It is just one element of a total self. That is your ego. And when you die, you leave behind more than just your body. You leave behind an echo of who you were. Your mind, your spirit, your body, it remains in this dimension. But your consciousness, your ego, it goes on. It is expressed outside of the cycle of the yugas. This is what it means to find liberation from the cycle of death and rebirth. Now, if you walk the Right Hand path only and you orient your consciousness towards transcendence, you practice bhakti on the sun and you give all of your energy towards the clear light. You'll escape that cycle, but you will dissolve entirely. Everything that was you will be gone. You will live in total submission to the will of the sky. Father. Now this is not becoming like a God. This is simply being absorbed into an existing entity. When I say become like a God, I mean that when you live right now within the cycle of death and rebirth, you are in a closed system, a loop that moves from the Satya Yuga to the Treta Yuga, the Dvapara Yuga, and the Kali Yuga. And within that loop, you experience changes in your consciousness. And in order to escape, in order to break free, you must become more powerful than that closed system. You must develop the ego. And you must find a path to this place, this place that exists outside of this closed system. This is the point of imminent expression. This is the point of heroic death. This is when you achieve true liberation. Not just liberation from the reactive elements of the material world that you gain through walking the right hand path, but liberation in terms of expressing your ego for eternity, Becoming more than just a finite being, becoming infinite, becoming like a God. Now you might be wondering, if I can become like a God, why am I here? What is the point of my consciousness being expressed in this finite existence, this finite dimension? And that is answered by the fact that consciousness is expressed in all potentiality. That is the nature of the cycle, the Yugic cycle. You have consciousness expressed as one individual point, the monistic point. You have consciousness expressed in terms of the mind. You have consciousness expressed in terms of material creation. And all these potentialities must be seen within the cosmic cycle. These forces must be expressed. This is the nature of being. If something exists as a potentiality, if something exists within the cosmos that must be expressed, then it will be expressed in one way or another. And the consciousness that is expressed within the finite is a balancing point for the infinite expression of consciousness. You need the experience of finite existence to give greater meaning to your consciousness, to be able to form an ego, to be able to find pleasure through suffering, to be able to recognize that you need light and dark. You need the sun and the moon. If you existed as a purely infinite being from the beginning, you would not have the total experience that the consciousness has access to. You would not know love in the same depth of a finite being. You would not know pain, you would not know pleasure, you would not know happiness or sadness. You would not know these things. And so we come into this closed system so that we can find this expression of the self. And then through proper cultivation of the ego, we escape that system and we go on to something even more beautiful. This endless expression of our ego death is simply a dimensional shift. When you die, your consciousness moves from the finite dimension to the infinite dimension. And if you have accumulated the proper karma, you can express your ego as a God. Now, this is a concept that. That Nietzsche touched upon with the eternal return. You see this concept, this Nietzsche concept of the eternal Return is deeply misunderstood. Many people think that Nietzsche was referring to an actual vulgar repetition of life over and over again. And so this vulgar repetition would be the spark that would lead you to affirm life and live a willful, beautiful life. But what Nietzsche was really referring to is a reflection on the self. Because when you move from a finite system to an infinite system and your ego is expressed in eternity, you must live with yourself for all time. You must cultivate the ego in such a way that you can live with yourself. Many people, if you pose the question to them, would you be happy with yourself for eternity? If you had to reflect on the actions in your life, they would say no. And that is because they haven't been presented with this path, this path to the eternal expression of the ego. And so they have been mesmerized by the Solar Cult. They've been driven into self degradation. They lack a recognition of the significance of this life, of the importance of cultivating beauty within their life. Their actions become essentially meaningless. This is the basis of nihilism. The Solar Cult breeds nihilism, and Nietzsche offered us a path out of nihilism. It is the eternal return. It is the recognition that your actions echo through eternity. This is karma. That is the nature of karma. What you perform, the actions you perform within this life, you must reflect on in the next expression of your ego. And so, through Viagra Yoga, my goal was to cultivate a path for myself so that I could meditate in eternity and be happy with myself, be satisfied with myself, know that I had achieved my dharma, that I had cultivated my will in such a way where I left behind a legacy worth leaving. And through this cultivation of the ego, I was able to find love, true love. And this love gave me an even greater expression of the self. It cultivated this passion for beauty to the highest extent. And I know that when I die and my consciousness moves beyond the cycle of death and rebirth, I will forever be happy because I will have that love with me for eternity. Those who fail to cultivate the self, those who submit to the Solar Cult of death, they will create their own hell in eternity, their own place of suffering, where they cannot live with the eternal expression of their ego, because they find nothing but shame in the eternal return in that self reflection. I don't want this for people. I want everyone to express their ego fully. I don't want this self degradation, this rejection of the ego, this total dissolution of the will. My goal is to offer a path to all people so that they can walk away from the solar cult, they can find a new path. A path of life affirmation, a path of beauty, of differentiation. And it is through this path that the life denying philosophy, the prophecy of burning death, of the flaming sword that brings us all into destruction, the cultivation of great weapons of destruction, the atomic bomb, the hydrogen bomb, and now even the development of directed energy weapons, these swords of fire. I'm offering a path away from these things. A path towards the total embrace of everything that is beautiful in life. Now, that doesn't mean there won't be violence. That doesn't mean there won't be conflict. There certainly will. Because when you express your dharma as an individuated being, you are going to come into conflict with someone else. I am not a utopian. Utopian ideas are dissolving. They pull you in to a point of oneness, a point of submission. Because that is the only way you can eliminate conflict, is to burn everything on a sacrificial pyre. I do not want you to burn on that pyre. I want you to stand up for yourself. I want you to say no to the Solar death cult. Say yes to the self. Say yes to the ego. Find a path to godhood and live it. Sa.