What happens when the sun expands beyond its territorial boundaries? It consumes everything around it, burns it into piles of ash, and sweeps it away into nothingness. The Solar cult that is dominant in the global culture is the source of the life denying arms race that is going to someday destroy this planet if energies are not directed away from the Sky Father. When I say cult, you may think that I'm referring to a small group of people, maybe an elite somewhere in the shadows, planning everything, or, you know, some crazy group out in the desert. But cults can be massive superstructures. A cult is just a culture. It is a group of people who rally around an idea or an energy or a deity. And in our world, there is a cult that is centered around the Sky Father. The solar figure and the Sky Father comes in many forms. You have Yahweh in the Jewish tradition, Odin in the Norse tradition. You have Vishnu in the Indian tradition. And these figures have gained more power than should be relegated to them. Every cult has its prophets. And one of the strongest prophets of the solar cult was Oppenheimer. Oppenheimer is a famous physicist who is credited as the father of the atomic bomb. When you understand the nature of the Sky Father and the tyrannical imbalance that is brought about by the wounded father figure, the wounded patriarch within the Aryan pantheon, you'll recognize that Oppenheimer took on these energies. He became possessed by them. And these energies influenced him to create a very destructive thing. These energies influenced him to bring about prophecy, to make it real, to make it material. And so through Oppenheimer, we have the birth of one of the great swords of fire. This is a symbol that is very important to the solar cult. The sword of fire is the destructive element that brings all creation back to oneness, to dissolve everything into the burning fire of the sun. When Oppenheimer created the atomic bomb, he was acting as a manifestation of the Sky Father. Specifically, he was acting as a manifestation of. Of Bishnu. Some of you may know that Oppenheimer was obsessed with the Bhagavad Gita. And within the Gita you have the symbol of Krishna. Krishna is a manifestation of Vishnu. Vishnu being a Sky Father figure within the Indian tradition. Oppenheimer was so obsessed with the symbol of Vishnu that he named his car Garuda after the eagle mount of Vishnu. Oppenheimer would often quote the Bhagavad Gita in reference to his work on the atomic bomb. Most famously, he said, I have become Death, the destroyer of worlds. Now, in his interpretation of this quote from the Bhagavad Gita. He was expressing a will towards the dissolution of the material, whether he realized it or not. And I don't think that he intellectually recognized the significance of what he was saying because, as I said, he was possessed by the spirit of Vishnu. Specifically, he was possessed by the spirit of the avatar of Vishnu, Kalki. There's a lot of misinterpretations of the symbol of kalki within the esoteric Hitlerist movement. For example, you have thinkers who have described Adolf Hitler as being a manifestation of Vishnu. But when you understand the true nature of these energies, when you recognize what the Sky Father represents, you'll know that that Hitler was in fact a shakti figure. And Oppenheimer was the real manifestation of Kalki. Hitler embodied Shakti because he acted imminently. His revolution existed within the material world. He was not looking to a far off ball of light in the sky, this transcendent element that he chased after in order to gain meaning and find purpose. There was no drive to dissolve the ego into oneness. Hitler thought that through his revolution, he could uplift the people within his nation and express their ego individually as well as within the social body. This is a blood driven, material driven movement. This is action within the material world. This is shakti, the divine feminine. Now compare this to Oppenheimer. Oppenheimer was interested in destruction of the material world. Total destruction. Whether he realized it or not. His creation, the sword of fire, the atomic bomb, was used to incinerate thousands of people, mindlessly incinerate them, bring them into the void, dissolve them into the burning light of the sun. Because that is the nature of the sun cult. That is the nature of the sky father. That is the symbol of Kalki, the rider on the pale horse with the burning sword who comes to destroy all evil within the Kali Yuga. Of course, this idea of destroying all evil, eliminating sin, this is a dualistic idea. This is what you get when you have an imbalance of the divine masculine, this drive towards purity. See, the Germans and the Japanese, they were seen as impure. So it was okay to burn them in an inferno. But the problem with that ideology, other than the fact that you're slaughtering thousands of innocent people, is the fact that there will never be purity in the material world. It must all burn in order to reach that one transcendent point that all of these cults, all of these solar oriented systems are leading to. They are leading back to the father. And the father can suffer no rival. He's a jealous God he has his place. The sun has its place within the cosmos, but it cannot be the only figure within the cosmos, because if you direct all of your energy towards the sun, everything, everything will burn. Let me give you another quote from Oppenheimer that illustrates the extent to which he was possessed by the spirit of Kalki during the atomic bomb testing. He had this to if the radiance of a thousand suns were to burst at once into the sky, that would be like the splendor of the Mighty One. You see, this illustrates the effect that the symbol of the sun had on the psyche of Oppenheimer. He was driven mad by this symbol. He was possessed by the will of Apollo and he could see nothing but the blinding light. This allowed him to excuse the fact that his creation would be used to wipe away thousands of people, wipe away their material creations, and would lay the foundation for the arms race that we are still witnessing in our contemporary time. What's truly disturbing about the Solar Death Cult is, is the fact that its symbols permeate so many traditions. For example, in the Kabbalah, you have the 10 Sefirot, which are brought into being through the path of the flaming sword. The path of the flaming sword being the means by which all material creation will someday be dissolved back into the abyss. You also have, within the Norse tradition, the symbol of Ragnarok and Surtr, his flaming sword that he uses to burn the earth at the end of all days. You have, within the Gnostic tradition, the telling of the drunkenness of the kings at the end of all time, when the flaming swords feed their bloodlust and grant them the power to wage war against one another and bring about the apocalypse. These are all prophetic tales. And what is so misunderstood about prophecy is that it is not a given that these things will occur. Many people believe that if something is a prophecy, it. It must happen. We are just waiting for it to occur. But a prophecy is a spell. It is a magic spell that is cast within a cult. And that cult brings about the prophecy through action. Without action, without the direction of energy, there is no revelation. There is no bringing about the prophecy, bringing it into reality. If you apply the principle of as above, so below, you will see that material action influences the spirit, subtle space, and subtle space also influences the material. When we give our energy to a symbol, to a prophecy, we are affecting subtle space. We are granting power to deities. And I'm not just talking about symbolic deities. I'm talking about real, active beings that have the power to influence events within the material world. I'm talking about entities that have the power to possess men like Oppenheimer and drive them towards acts of total destruction. Now, as much as we influence the power of these deities, they can influence us. So when we practice bhakti on a symbol like the Sky Father, we invite that energy into our life and it drives us. It drives us towards certain actions, it drives us towards certain beliefs. And we bring about those beliefs within our personal life and within our culture that surrounds us. So we have to be very careful with where we decide to put our energy. This isn't just fairy tale. This isn't just some meaningless gesture. These gestures have real power. Magic is real. Whenever you involve yourself in a cult like the solar death cult, like the cult of Yahweh, like the cult of Odin, you are placing yourself under the influence of those energies and you are giving power to those deities. You are increasing the level of influence they have within our dimension. The sword of fire is a weapon and it is used to bring us into the clear light. The clear light, the point of transcendence. Nirvana has been presented to us as the ultimate expression of spiritual development. And of course it has been presented that way because the solar death cult controls the narrative within the global culture. The right hand path is presented as the path of benevolence. It is the good path. Whereas the left hand path is presented to you as the path of sin, as something to be feared and rejected. Well, I'm telling you now that the clear light, the sword of fire, that is the source of death, real total death of everything, not just what you see in this dimension, but your ego, your expression of individuated consciousness dies in the clear light. And if you give all of your energy to that symbol, if you practice bhakti on the sun, you will be dissolved. I want to give some quotes from the Bible that illustrate the depth to which the solar cult hates life, wants to reject all individuated beauty within the world. This is the words of the Sky Father. This is the words of his son Apollo. This is the words of Jesus, I came to cast fire on the earth and would that it were already kindled. This is hatred of life. This is a total rejection of the material world. There is no love in those words. There is a drive, a will towards absolute desolation of everything. I'll give another quotation from the Bible. This is from 2nd Peter 3, 7, but by the same word, the heavens and earth that now exist are stored up for fire, being kept until the day of judgment and and destruction of the ungodly. You see what happens when you have an imbalance of the divine Masculine. All material creation is presented as something that is sinful, something that is ungodly. And everything that's beautiful in the world, all differentiation, that is satanic, that is evil, it's dark and scary, we have to run away from it or, or better yet, burn it in fire. But the day of the Lord will come like a thief and then the heavens will pass away with a roar and the heavenly bodies will be burned up and dissolved and the earth and the works that are done on it will be exposed. Dissolution. Dissolution is the goal of the Solar cult. Dissolution is the aim of the Sky Father, because as I said, he is a jealous God. He cannot suffer a rival. And so all material creation, all products of the divine feminine, everything that is Shakti, must be destroyed.