There are few things on this planet more disgusting than the concept of objective rights. You have no rights other than what you are willing to defend. A right is only an idea, an opinion, and it only is made manifest when you apply action to bring it into the material dimension. The moment that you start believing that you have a right to anything is the moment that you have absolutely poisoned yourself. When you are born, you are born with nothing but the self. Everything that you gain from the moment of your birth on is through action. Nothing is handed to you, not by a government, not by a God, not by anything but your own will. You have no right to a woman, you have no right to money, you have no right to anything. If you want these things, you have to go out and get them. Now. The cults of human rights and animal rights have been formed by weak people who realize that they cannot, as individuals, stand on their own two feet and take what they want from this world. So they have to band together and fall under a shared delusion of rights, which they then try to enforce on everyone else through a massive drowning pool of mediocrity. The truth of the matter is that there is no universal right granted by a God, your God, that you think gives you these rights. I don't recognize his authority. Rights, objective rights are an absurdity. And so is the idea of a singular creator God who gives us these gifts of human rights. A healthy mind, body and spirit will reject this concept outright, will know deep down that this is absurd. But of course, we are all drawn into this shared poison. We are taught when we're very young that everyone has rights. We have rights by birth, we have God given rights. And the Constitution enshrines our rights. The Constitution is nothing but a piece of paper and all the authority that it carries is at the point of a gun. That's it. That is the harsh reality that you need to face, unless you want to make yourself into an esoteric slave. Because if you don't have the will to stand up and say, we live in a world where rights are taken, not granted, then you will be nothing but a thrall.