Foreign. I am primarily known for Left Hand Path tantra because that is how I choose to represent my personal practice within the world. It is my goal to advance the energy of the black sun against the degenerated solar aspect which has taken hold in the global culture. But that does not mean that I see no value in the solar aspect. In fact, I see just as much value in the solar aspect and the Divine Masculine as I do in the lunar aspect and the Divine Feminine. Most of you probably don't realize because I focus so heavily on the Left Hand Path, that at least half of my training in yoga was on the Right Hand Path. I walked the Right Hand Path first so that I could achieve self mastery. And it was from that point of self mastery that I then advanced towards a position of self realization on the Left Hand. What you do when you practice the Right Hand Path is you baptize yourself in the sun so that you can absorb poison and transform it into medicine. On the Left Hand Path. The sun is a great source of power. It liberates us from our attachments. When we have unhealthy attachments within this dimension, we can become overtaken by them. And when we are overtaken by our attachments, it reduces our power. So practicing bhakti on Shiva, focusing on the Divine Masculine, chasing the sun, that is something that should be practiced by anyone who feels that they lack self control, that they lack self mastery. This is the ascending path. It is advancing up the mountain to the point of the first liberation, the transcendent point. And then, as I said, you descend, you go down the Left Hand path, you transform all of that poison into medicine. And this is the second liberation. This is the liberation from the sun. Because if you remain in the sun for too long, you will simply dissolve and everything that is beautiful about your individual expression of consciousness will disappear. The Solar aspect is just as important as a lunar aspect, but the way that it is presented in modernity is unhealthy. It's adharmic. Because there is a cult that has formed around the Divine Masculine which is actually an undermining of the will and a destruction of healthy masculinity. Specifically the cult of Yahweh, which separated from the original pantheon, the polytheistic pantheon that it was born from, has led to the development of a degenerated solar aspect, where that idea of unification, of dissolving differences between people and the idea of submission, because submission is an important element of the Divine Masculine. But this submission is to Yahweh, to the Sky Father, to the wounded patriarch. And this is not a healthy masculinity because this does not offer a path to self mastery. This offers a path to a total destruction of the will and as I said, a submission to an outer force. See, the sun, when it is in its healthy aspect, shines light on us and illuminates us. It allows us to explore the cosmos in a manner that would not be possible if we lived in total darkness. Just as it's possible to lose yourself in the sun, you can also lose yourself in the darkness. So there needs to be a balancing point. And it is healthy to shift between these points so that you can experience them completely. But there is this bias towards the solar aspect due to that cult of Yahweh which has had such a strong influence. Now, see, when Christianity spread through Europe, the Christians took on many of the folk traditions of the European people. And so this is. I'd say it's commonly understood amongst many pagans that Christianity has taken on many aspects of European paganism. But what is not commonly understood is the fact that European folk traditions have done the same. They've taken influence from Christianity. And that's why there's such a strong focus on the solar aspect and a disprivileging of the lunar aspect or the divine feminine. So you can see, like for instance, within the Germanic tradition, an obsession with Odin. Odin is the solar aspect, the sky father, that has come to take the patriarchal position of Yahweh within modern practice of Germanic paganism. And so when we practice bhakti on Odin, we have to understand that this is filtered through this subtle space lens that has developed around the cult of Yahweh. The solar aspect is so strongly out of balance that when we practice bhakti on Odin, even if we do it with good intention, we are accessing an unhealthy expression of masculinity, because it is totally out of balance and with the feminine aspect, and it has lost its essential meaning. So I do not hate the sun, I do not reject the sun, but I do hate and reject the degenerated solar masculinity of modernity. And I will fight against it till my last breath. But I do so in hopes that someday there will be a restoration of, of healthy masculinity and healthy solar cults across the globe.