The use of race as a political device has led to great confusion. Confusion over the self, confusion over others. And this is a problem because if you don't understand your blood, the materiality of the self, then you cannot begin to practice yoga. Now, I blame both the right wing and the left wing for this because there's this concept of race mixing. And both the right and the left are obsessed with this concept. There's this idea from the right that all forms of race mixing, race mixing are bad. And there's this idea from the left that race mixing is good and that it leads to a improved human type. Now, of course, these are extreme expressions of personal taste made into political ideology and presented as objective fact. And the fact of the matter is that these definitions of race, these political devices that are being used by both the right and the left, they are totally arbitrary. Tantra provides us with an accurate definition of race. Race being an aspect of the blood, is associated with shakti. Now, we say blood not just in a material sense, but in a metaphysical sense, because ultimately this is both a material and metaphysical concept. We have Shakti representing individuation, disorder. And so the purest expression of race is that which is Shakti. Shakti is dividing the unified cosmos. That is her role. So we have the breaking up of oneness into little pieces. And you, you're a little piece of the cosmos. I'm a little piece of the cosmos. The rocks and the trees and the birds, all of these things, they're little pieces of the cosmos. And each little piece is an aspect of race. And the closer you get to the blasted elements separated out further and further, that is a refinement of race. So as we divide the body into body parts, so we divide body parts into cells. All these things we divide further and further. That is a refinement of race. The ultimate expression of race is the individuated being, whatever form that takes. Like I said, you are an expression of race. I am an expression of race. The river is an expression of race. So we have all these expressions of race. And race is not limited to humans. It's not even limited to living beings. Race is just an expression of shakti, individuated form of the cosmos. So inanimate objects possess race. Race. Food, the food you eat, possesses race. Okay? And when you mix your mashed potatoes and gravy, you are race mixing. Because what you're doing is you're taking the individuated expression of consciousness, mashed potatoes, and the individuated expression of consciousness, gravy and you're putting them together. That's race mixing. Now, most right wing extremists would not have a problem with eating mashed potatoes and gravy. They wouldn't worry so much about that combination of white and brown. In fact, most of them would just eat it up readily and they'd love it. And I don't think very many leftists would argue that mashed potatoes or gravy must be mixed to improve the relationship between the mashed potatoes and gravy. I think that they would argue that, you know, you can have your mashed potatoes with butter if you'd like. You know, you can put your gravy on turkey. It doesn't have to be that mashed potatoes and gravy go together. So I, I think that the mashed potatoes and gravy argument really destroys the right and left in terms of race mixing. But let's extend it even further. Okay? So of course, most people, when they describe the mixing of races, they're talking about, like let's say, for example, a white man marries a black woman and they have a child. And this child is a mixed race child, right? Of course. That is an aspect of race mixing. Because that individual, the white man, let's call him Steve. Steve is an individuated expression of the cosmos. He is of the race of Steve. And let's say Tanya, the black woman, she is of the race of Tanya. And they mix and they create this new expression of race, right? Whatever they decide to name their child anyway, this is race mixing. But so is an Irish man having a child with an Irish woman. Because the Irishman, Finn, he is of the race of Finn. And I don't know, an Irish female name, let's just say her name is Stacy. Stacy is of the race of Stacy. And so when they come together and they create a child, yes, this child is of the race, or whatever that child's name is. So this is race mixing. When you mix your individuated expression with anything else, anything else, you are race mixing. You are mixing your individuated expression of blood with another individuated expression of blood. Now, the question is, is this combination something that you find to be beautiful? Is this something that serves your dharma? Is this something that makes you happy? Well, those are three different questions. Let's go back to mashed potatoes and gravy. There are some people who enjoy the mixing of mashed potatoes and gravy, right? And maybe it's their dharma to eat mashed potatoes and gravy There are some people who are disgusted by the combining of mashed potatoes and gravy. And they want those things as separate as possible. And this is a matter of personal taste. Now, it's further complicated when you have a company that makes packets of mashed potatoes and gravy combined and they want to sell to you the idea that these things must go together. You must enjoy mashed potatoes and gravy. Because if you don't, there's something wrong with you. Okay. Well, that kind of advertising propaganda, we see it all the time. And if you're exposed to that and you're in a state of unrefined shakti and prone to compulsion, you might just accept this idea that you must consume mashed potatoes and gravy. It's an absolutely perfect combination. And if you don't consume mashed potatoes and gravy, there's something wrong with you. You're a troglodyte. So that can lead you to desire this mix when otherwise you might not want to combine those two things. Right? Well, there's also circumstances where, let's say a study comes out and it says that people who mix mashed potatoes and gravy or 500 times more likely than the average person to develop colon cancer. Right? Well, that might influence you as well. And even though it's not necessarily true that mixing mashed potatoes and gravy will bring you colon cancer, you avoid it anyway because you're subject to the will of the tastemakers. Right? Well, we run into that problem all the time. We run into that problem with human relationships. There are political camps that are trying to convince you as to whether or not you should have sex with a specific person. Now, there's a lot of noise surrounding that. And ultimately, what is right for you is a matter of individuation. It's a matter of dharma. And you can't know what is best for you in terms of sexual relationships or creating a child or developing a civilization combining different groups of people. You can't know what's right for you until you know yourself. And these political groups don't want you to know yourself. They want you to know their ideology for you to know yourself. That gets in the way of their agenda. They are propagandists. Their goal is to convert you to their ideology. You have to be careful of that. Yes, you can listen to their arguments. You can consider their arguments. But recognize that ultimately their goal is to convert you and recruit you. So be careful not to allow these taste makers to override knowledge of the self and to tell you whether or not you should enjoy gravy on your mashed potatoes.