Is Ka like Christ? This is one of the most common questions that I receive and I have seen over the years, a growing interest in a Krishna, Christ and sometimes Buddha cult, where these three figures are basically presented as the same figure. Now when I say that they are presented as the same figure, I don't necessarily mean that they are being represented as the exact same entity. Some people do believe this, but most of the people who are presenting the idea of the Christ Ka Buddha culture are representing these figures as belonging to the same energetic stream or the same consciousness, melody of consciousness. Now this idea on its face isn't necessarily wrong. It's certainly possible that these figures could share the same consciousness, the same energetic stream. But if you work with these entities directly, if you work with Christ, Buddha or Krishna, you will see that the way their consciousness manifests is quite different. And the magical outcomes that you reach by working with these figures is radically different. So let's look at Christ first. Christ is a figure within Jewish magic who represents a false path of liberation for the non Jew. Non Jew. Technically all Christians are Jews, but this is a lower rank of the cabal. The Christians are sort of like useful idiots in Jewish magic. And Christ is a false hope for these people. So Christ is a figure who manifests and offers the adversary to the cabal, a way of feeling like they are powerful and that they can express some kind of control over the false representation of God. The Gnostics would say that this is the demiurge. But the general strain of Gnosticism presenting Christ as this adversarial figure to the evil expression of God, this is something that you can find in many cultural manifestations of Christ outside of traditional Gnosticism. So most of the people who compare Christ to Ka, they are representing Christ in this manner. He is this symbol of peace, an adversary to the demiurge, an adversary to the evil manifestations of God in the world. And notice that there is a very intense emphasis on absolute good and absolute evil within the Christ cult. And this is of course an aspect of Jewish magic or Kabbalah. All Jewish magic comes from the Kabbalistic tradition. So we have here a binary system. And you can read the energy of Jewish magic by identifying this binary system, this duality, and then tracing it back to its origin. And in the case of Christ, we trace all of this back to the Yahweh cult, the Yahwists, the Kabbalists. Okay, now let's compare that to Krishna. Krishna is an Aryan entity, an Aryan deity. And when I say Aryan, of course I mean, the Aryan magical tradition, not the blood Aryan confusion that we got from modern Europe. So within the Aryan tradition, Krishna represents the overman, the superman, within the present age of the Kali Yuga, Vishnu, who is an Anahata deity, manifests in this plane as Krishna. Krishna is a representation of the Manipura, the inner fire. And the inner fire, the Manipura, is the seed of Arianism, which is adversarial to the Vishuddhi, the throat chakra, the mind, which is the seat of the Jewish tradition and Kabbalah. So here we have a figure who manifests into this world as a means of empowering those who seek to escape the confines of, of the duality within the overarching Kabbalistic system. And that's Krishna. This is a true adversary, a true path of rebellion, a true path to power for those who act in an adversarial manner to the prevailing Jewish system. Krishna, therefore, is nothing like Christ. In fact, you could say that he is totally adversarial to Christ. He is not a representative of peace and submission. He is not a lamb. He is a warrior, and he is also a criminal. Krishna is sort of like a street punk. He's willing to do whatever it takes to advance Dharma. He doesn't operate in a binary fashion. He doesn't represent absolute good and absolute evil. What Krishna represents is the sort of Nietzschean will to power that is beyond good and evil. It is something that modern man must aspire to in order to achieve godhood. Christ is not leading you to godhood. Christ is leading you to submission to God. There's a big difference there. The Aryan expression of godhood is individualistic. You are not absorbed into the dream of God. You do not become a tendril of Yahweh or whatever other name you want to give to the Kabbalistic formation of the Father God. Christ is the Arian bound on the Kabbalistic cross. He is the Aryan in confinement in a container. And that is the function that he represents. Now let's take a look at Buddha. Buddha, he is very similar to Krishna in that he represents a pathway to liberation. But instead of a pathway to liberation through the Manipura, Buddha represents a pathway to liberation through the Vishuddhi. So this is an example of the Aryan fire being filtered through the mind. So it's not necessary that all those who work through the mind are of a Jewish nature. You can work through the mind, through the Vishudi as the foundation of your magical practice and represent this in an Aryan fashion. That is what the Buddha represents. So while the Buddha is much closer to Ka than Christ, he too has his own energetic expression. It is unique to him and he offers a unique path. It is a grave mistake to assume that Christ, Krishna and Buddha are representing the same consciousness and the same path. If you associate all these figures together, you are falling for the Kabbalistic trick of submitting all consciousness to the Christ figure who, as I said, is the bound Aryan, the slave, the Lamb for Yahweh.