Lilith is a demoness who represents a pure and vital expression of the divine feminine. In my dealings with Lilith, I've come to recognize her as a playful and free spirit associated with the Manipura. She is eager to develop a powerful relationship with those who are willing to fight in the name of the moon. The Yahwiss remain terrified of the might of Lilith, going so far as to deny her existence in a pathetic attempt at burying her cult. In an age of degenerated solar masculinity, Lilith offers a path to a healthy and life affirming expression of the feminine aspect for those worthy of her affection. Accounts of Lilith can be found in regional mythology within the Middle east and North Africa. Lilith was the first wife of Adam. Her wild and free nature clashed with the submissiveness of Adam and Lilith was quickly banished from the Garden of Eden due to her absolute refusal to bow to the dictates of Adam and Yahweh. Lilith left Adam and fell in love with Samael, the great tempter. Samael is the archenemy of Israel and the manifestation of the sexuality of masculine strength. Adam represents the weakness that can result from the submissive aspects of masculinity and his cuckolding by Samael acts as a perfect example of the Yahwist fear of strong masculinity and the free pursuit of passion. Lilith has been accused by the Yahwists as being sexually unstable. But in reality, Lilith possesses a deeply realized sexual she is free from the complexes that would otherwise disallow her from pursuing the object of her affection. In modernity, this type of free femininity is heavily criticized by those who lack the will and the strength to attract such a woman. Incel culture is a contemporary manifestation of the Adamic spirit. Adam lacks the necessary inner fire to reject the will of Yahweh and his woman abandons him for a much stronger and virile manifestation. Manifestation of the Divine MASCULINE it is the lust that Lilith holds for Samael that has branded her as the one who is tempted. But she is also a temptress herself. Lilith entices men to leave unfulfilling relationships. She is the source of lust for those who have submitted to self denying tendencies. This temptation is not limited to sexuality. Her energy entices man away from any state of submission. She may therefore be perceived as the mother of revolution. Rather than being celebrated for her courageous embrace of life and passion, Lilith is most commonly represented as a purely malevolent being. In reality, Lilith offers her love to those who are worthy and she is a wonderful demoness to call upon when one seeks to elevate their will to power. In a world where the divine masculine has become bloated and decadent, Lilith may be seen as the perfect antidote to the sexual malaise currently plaguing man. A word of warning to those with a weak constitution. Lilith will be fully aware of your weaknesses and she will show no mercy. Do not call upon her unless you possess the necessary strength to please her. Failure to show strength in the face of Lilith will lead to self destruction. This is true for both men and women who invoke her. If you possess the necessary attributes, Lilith will be a great ally in your magical practice.