Sometimes the right solution to a conflict is to bash someone over the head with a club. Sometimes words fail and you have to fight with fists, with teeth, with claw. And that's the only way that you can achieve a satisfactory end to a conflict. But in the present age, in the present age, we have to assume that violence is always the last resort. And that if we have resorted to violence, it is because we have somehow failed as a species. And this denies the beauty of war. This denies the affirmation of the spark of life in the womb, in the manipura, which is the opposite end of the spectrum of warfare. Because, like I said, the vishudi is the seat of the warrior, but it's of a specific type of warrior. It's of the tactician. It's of the individual who embraces technique, technology in order to achieve victory. But what about the position of Aries? We see the elevation of Athena in warfare, but what about Aries? What about the joy of war? What about the bloodlust? What about the recognition of the fundamental violence which is at the foundation of every civilization? Instead of recognizing the fact that this bloodlust exists at some degree within all of us, we have exported our violence. We've placed our violent machinations in the hands of cold machines, sometimes in the shape of people. And has this made the world into a more peaceful place? No. What it has led to is the development of weapons of mass destruction which allow for the killing of large numbers of people in a very impersonal way. Because God forbid we develop an emotional attachment to the act of killing. Because, you know, if you face your opponent head on, you feel their nose shattered under your fist, you see the blood dripping down their face. You might stop right there. You might think maybe this was enough. There might be some emotion stirred within you where you think, okay, I've. I've gone far enough. But if you can push a button from a thousand miles away and drop a bomb on that motherfucker without ever having to see his face, you can probably just have a cup of coffee and a donut and call it a day. And so that's why conflict developing, this impersonal nature has led to the greatest atrocity. Killing has been turned into an industrial process, not just in warfare, but also in the way that we interact with animals. Mass slaughterhouses, the mechanized destruction of life. This is the result of cutting yourself away from the seat of emotion. But of course, the magic words are repeated over and over again that the world will be a safer place, the world will be a better place. If only we can just talk it out. If only we can retreat from the battlefield into the realm of ideas and ignore the essential fact that an individuated cosmos of competing with will always lead to warfare. And if war is an inevitability, you better recognize both ends of it. Otherwise you'll end with mindless bloodshed. Or you put a heartless machine in charge of the annihilation of entire communities, entire nations, maybe even the entire planet.