Damn, look at all these fucking flies in here. Holy shit. Alright, so today I'm gonna talk to you about something really fun. Tantric sex. The real nature of tantric sex. This is some good shit. A lot of people don't like when I talk about the secrets of tantric sex because they're under some delusion that they have access to some special knowledge that shouldn't be shared with others. That's all a bunch of bullshit. Let me tell you something. These fucking people who complain about me releasing the occult secrets of tantric sex, sex or any other aspect of tantra, they're totally full of shit. They don't know what they're talking about. They're a bunch of fucking incels and they kiss my ass. The reason that they don't want me to share this information is because they don't know what they're talking about. And if suddenly now all of these people around them who they consider to be normies, have this information, they actually know more than these assholes who sit around and read all day. So it takes away their little special status they've created for themselves. So I you to share this with all of your normie redneck friends and then mock all these fucking assholes on the Internet who've only ever read Evola's Tantra of Power. Okay, so I'm going to talk about sex. Tantric sex. This is something that a lot of people have trouble understanding because in our contemporary age there is an emphasis on technique within tantric sex. That's because the new age has taken tantra and they've twisted it into something that it's not. They've turned it into some hippie, dippy bullshit commodity instead of a living tradition. Well, when I practice Tantra, I'm practicing it from the point of the original living Aryan tradition, which means that I'm focusing on the exploration of of consciousness through the material that is the definition of tantra. And sex is a part of that. But it's over emphasized in the new age bullshit spirituality environment because they want to sell techniques, specific techniques that will make you into some kind of sex master. And really all they're doing is perpetuating the disconnect from between individual yogins and the true purpose of Tantric sex, which is to, as I said, explore consciousness. But ultimately, and this is the occulted secret that I'm going to tell you, create an anchor. Okay? Because when you are practicing Tantric sex, what you're trying to do is you're trying to establish an anchor to the Material, we live in the Kali Yuga. And so the body is the foundation of consciousness. When we advance towards the subtle body in a Tantric practice, we are trying to access the spirit, alright? So if we're trying to access the spirit and reach a point of transcendence or an ego death, the only way to return from that ego death and walk the left hand path, the path of self realization, is to have an anchor point. One of the most effective ways of developing that anchor point is through sex. Because sex is really fucking powerful. It is one of the most powerful yogic practices. So what does it mean to actually have Tantric sex? It's all about the quality. Now there are specific methods that you can apply within this, and I actually just wrote an article about this. But the methods are secondary to the intention and the pranic essence of the practice. What you're trying to do is you're trying to develop a divine union through tantric sex. And that can look like many different things. Because human sexuality, when it is expressed in a dharmic manner, is incredibly varied. There are as many forms of dharmic sexuality as there are people. And so you can form a divine union with another person of the opposite sex, another person of the same sex, multiple people, or yourself. The key is that it must be in alignment with your dharma. Because if you want to achieve self realization, you have to be in alignment with your nature. Otherwise you're just rejecting the self and you cannot have a full expression of the ego on the left hand path. So in our contemporary culture, we have a dissipation of prana, of sexual prana due to these really fucked up nihilistic ideas about the nature of sex. Everything has been reduced to quantity and no one is concerned with quality. So we see this on both the left and the right of the political spectrum. Typically on the right you have people obsessed with the number of sexual partners a woman has had, right? They're focusing so intently on the quantity and they're trying to create very strict standards for the proper relationship between men and women. And they are dissolving into order. This is a solar dissolution. They have no real qualitative connection to their sexuality. And so it's very confused and self destructive. The same thing is occurring on the left, except on the left it's all about having no standards whatsoever. It's about consuming mindlessly, it's about a lack of order, all about chaos. And within that structure, you basically fall into hedonism. And hedonism does not allow for indulgence. It's all about compulsion. And so you are dissolving, then, into shakti, all of the sexual energy that can be a great source of power for individuals, for nations, for subcultures. All of this is dissipated, dissipated into the ether. If you can identify your dharmic sexuality and express it without any type of repression, then you gain access to incredible power. What you shouldn't do is give a shit what the crowd thinks about your sexuality. Because we live in a world where people are going to try to bully you into submission and make you feel really guilty about decisions you've made in the past or decisions that you plan to make in the future. Well, fuck them. Who gives a shit about their opinion? Find your sexuality and live it without shame, and then you'll be a very powerful motherfucker. And if you can do that, then at that point, you are really having tantric sex. SAM.