Man, if you're a common fucking person, I feel really bad for you now because everyone is telling you that you've gotta be an intellectual, you've gotta be politically minded. You gotta fucking know everything that's going on in society. You can't just be left the fuck alone to drink a goddamn beer and watch a football game. If you want to live that life, you're told that you're somehow inferior, that you're not a responsible citizen if you don't watch fucking CNN for six hours a day. And it's a bunch of bullshit. You see, common people need to be told that it is okay to live with simple pleasures and have a simple life. You don't need to go to fucking college. You don't need to participate in the political system. You don't need to vote. You don't need to do any of these things. You do not need to be educated to be a good person. This is a fucking lie. And this lie comes from the collapse of the caste system. Within the Aryan tradition, there are certain roles that people play depending upon their nature. And all of these roles carry equal value. There are scholars, there are craftsmen, there are merchants, warriors, and there are artists. And these people fall into these roles through an organic process of self discovery. This is the original meaning of the caste system. Every other definition of the caste system is a degeneration from this original tradition. So if you think about the caste system now and how people like within India are born into a specific caste and they remain in that caste, that is not the original tradition. The Aryan formation of caste is dharmic. If it is my dharma or my nature to be a fucking stripper, then that's what I'm going to be. And I'm going to be happy being a fucking stripper. And no amount of college is going to change that fact. That is the caste system. But the caste system has fallen apart. Of course it has. Because we are living in the Kali Yuga. And within the Kali Yuga, we have the dissolution of borders between people. We are advancing at this point to a return to the Satya Yuga. And as we get closer to the Satya Yuga, we get further away from this recognition of the beauty of differentiation. Now we still live in a differentiated cosmos, but there are people who are aligned with this unifying principle, people of an angelic nature who cannot be happy with differentiation. And so they want to make sure everyone else is as miserable as they are. And in order to do that, they start to erode the differences between people. Their Sexual preferences, their gender identity, their economic status, their national identity, all of these things have to be dissolved as we get further away from a recognition of the beauty of material differentiation. So what does that mean for you? Well, if you are a shudra or someone of the common caste, you really get the shitty end of the stick because you are being told that we are all the same. Democracy is this beautiful thing that offers us access to global peace. And in order for you to play your part in this wonderful democratic experiment, you need to get your fucking ass to school and spend eight hours a day sitting at a desk doing fuck all so that you can be educated and a responsible, productive member of society, when really all you want to fucking do is have a little bit of land, maybe some pigs. You want to fuck another shudra, man, woman, whatever, and drink beer and have a good fucking time. You don't want to fuck around with all this shit. You don't want to be involved with political process. You don't really want to vote. Do you really want to pay attention to Congress? Do you really want to fucking know what the President is up to? No. But you've been told since you were a child that if you don't pay attention to these things, you're a bad person. Also, you have seen how the system forces people into being politically involved because you believe that if you don't get out and vote, that fuckhead over there that you hate is going to vote and they're gonna take all your shit and use it to fuck you over. And they probably will, right? But what we really need to do if we want to escape from this system that pulls us all into this black hole of mediocrity and oneness. What we really need to do is say, no, let's all just stop participating. And it's not even necessary for all of us to stop participating at once to create change. It's a small minority, a small minority of people who are motivated enough to stop this nonsense can come together and say for no. I'm not going to waste my time watching C Span. I'm not going to go to college. I'm not going to participate in this system. I'm going to join a counterculture, a counterculture that sees the dharmic potential of people, that recognizes that there are specific roles for individuals based upon their nature and that these individuals should be given a pathway to express their nature. If enough people, and it doesn't take many, if enough people come together and say this, we can free everyone from this shitty fucking system. Now I want to clarify something. Brahmans. In the traditional Aryan caste system, Brahmins are sort of like the culture creators. Okay, so these are the people that create new forms of culture. And the other castes are culture bearers. So they enjoy the fruit of creation that is given by the Brahmins. All right? Now there is no inherent inferiority or superiority of any caste of, okay, if you're a Shudra laborer, you are not inferior to a Brahman. Now, great confusion has resulted from the breakdown of the caste system and really shoddy attempts by conservatives to preserve the caste system. We don't have a formal framework for preserving the caste system and we will not see a return of that. So it's up to us to find our individual nature and express it. Brahmans are the artists of the world. And I don't mean just people who work in one of the traditional arts, like painters or musicians or things like that. I mean people who have access to the art of the cosmos as is described in, in the Natya Veda. The Natya Veda describes the means by which all people of all castes can understand the cosmos within the present age. The Kali Yuga. We understand everything through art, artistic expression, culture. Culture is art. And so the Brahmins, the role of the Brahmins is to create culture so that the people can thrive. Well, the culture that has been created for you, if you're living in pretty much every nation of the world, is not designed for you to thrive because the Brahmin caste has been dissolved. And so most of the culture that has been created is a degenerate merchant culture. And Brahmins have been imprisoned. Artists have been imprisoned by the economic system, by the merchants, in order to create for purely economic reasons. And that is why you suffer, because the artists are out of power. Once the artists rise to power again, they can create beautiful conditions for everyone to live their life dharmically, according to their nature. And we're working on that right now. I'm working on that. Many people are working on that. We are trying to create a new dharmic revolution. And in this dharmic revolution, I can promise you, if you want to drink beer and fuck all day long, you can do that. You don't have to fucking go to college. You can be free and happy wherever you want to be and you won't have to exist in a merchant hell hole. That's what I'm working on for me and for you. Just to be clear, I'm not saying that everyone should go out and get drunk and fuck all day long. I mean, some people should, but maybe not everybody. What I'm saying is that you should find your nature and express it fully. Stop hating yourself. Stop engaging in all of this punishment of the self. Stop being so phobic. You should embrace your nature once you have accessed it, once you have identified it, once you understand it. And if that includes being a pious monk in the mountains, do that. If you want to be a farmer in the wilderness, do that. If you want to live in the city and you want to work in a factory and go home and watch tv, do that. If it's your nature, if it's your dharma, if it brings you satisfaction, and stop allowing other people to tell you that it's wrong. Because if it's natural to you, it can't be wrong.