People are strange when you're a stranger. Faces look ugly when you're alone. Women seem wicked when you're unwanted. Streets are uneven when you're down. Ajna consciousness is defined by abstraction. It is the point of consciousness that is associated with the third eye and inner vision. The Ajna is the connecting point between the mind and spirit or subtle body. Through the Ajna, subtle space is accessed. Subtle space is the realm of consciousness between the waking state and sleep state. It is within the realm of subtle space that the Ajna yogin gains access to messages from other dimensions. I expel you. Satany Dagony. A paragon. Peter, get out. While this realm is accessible to individuals who are not rooted in the Ajna, the Ajna yogin possesses a constant connection to subtle space that colors the way in which they perceive the present dimension. You know what I'm talking about, don't you? I can remember when I was a little boy, my grandmother and I could hold conversations entirely without ever opening our mouths. She called it shining. And for a long time I thought it was just the two of us that had the shine to us. Just like you probably thought you was the only one. But there are other folks, though mostly they don't know it or don't believe it. Due to the strong connection between the Ajna and subtle space, individuals rooted in the Ajna may find it difficult to function in modern society. I have belief in art, see? And I believe that maybe you can save me or just get me involved in stuff and keep me active and get me involved in a movie, start doing something. My heart, my spirit will be lifted up and that they won't be able to get me because I won't be in a snag and won't be able to get me in torment in one of those places. You know what I mean? Individuals rooted in the Ajna may have intense visions and hear voices. This is due to their inherent link to separate dimensions of consciousness. These dimensions may be accessed through ritual stimulation of the third eye or pineal gland. It is due to the deep connection between the Ajna and subtle space that some Ajna yogins are misdiagnosed as schizophrenic. When you tell somebody that you have schizophrenia, how do you want them to react? I want them to not be afraid of me and not to look at me any differently than they had looked at me before. My hallucinations are almost 24 7. It's something that I just have learned to live with. I often say I'm just someone who can't turn off my nightmares even when I'm awake. That's not a reason to be scared of me. And how would you describe the way you're talking and looking right at this moment? As other people talk and at this moment. However, I've been told that it is not the way other people talk and look. Have you any idea in what way? It's not like others. No, because I believe it is as other people talk. So then from your point of view, not from other people's point of view. From your point of view, you look, you talk, you think, you behave as other people do. The ability to access other dimensions and contact entities is a skill that is sometimes looked upon with fear and scorn. In the traditional world, individuals rooted in the Ajna would typically be viewed as great seers and channelers. In modernity, expressions of Ajna consciousness have been frowned upon by skeptics who dogmatically reject the reality of the realm of spirit and subtle space. As a result of this rejection, Ajna yogins are rarely taught how to operate their consciousness effectively. Due to the close contact with between the Ajna yogin and other dimensions of consciousness, there is the potential for a sense of cosmic horror to develop. Open the pod bay doors, Hal. I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that. What's the problem? I think you know what the problem is just as well as I do. The fear of God is often found within those who are rooted in Ajna consciousness. It was pretty rough. Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of weird. Oh, weird. Hello. Oh my goodness. Hello. Ew. Strong Britney. Yeah, it was a weird time. Ew, I'm embarrassed. Can we. Individuals in the Ajna may perform rituals in order to ensure their safety from forces outside of the immediate dimension. They are prone to paranoia and strict adherence to ritualistic standards in their spiritual practices. Those rooted in the Ajna tend to view the material world through an energetic lens. This preoccupation with the energetic nature of things is rooted in the flow of spirit through the mind that is inherent to this state of consciousness. I like to do a song or a piece of music that's just a pure expression of joy. Pure like a celebration of existence. You know, like the coming of spring or the sunrise. Something like that. Just pure unbounded joy. I don't think we've really done that yet. The Ajna yogin is able to more easily identify the essence of material objects by connecting the form of a thing to its spiritual nature. This is similar to the effects that are experienced when under the influence of psychedelic drugs. And the ones that Mother gives you don't do anything at all. Go ask alice when she's 10ft tall. There is a link between subtle space and the use of psychedelics. And therefore Ajna yogins will sometimes enter into a state that is reminiscent of the altered consciousness which is experienced when under the influence of certain psychedelics. Can you feel that? The energy coming up from the earth? Look. The trees too. They're breathing. The eyes of the Ajna yogin express a disconnection with a rooted dimension. It is as if the individual has pierced the dimensional veil and is experiencing the state of between what is seen and unseen. I call this dimensional vision. When looking into the eyes of an individual rooted in the Ajna, it can seem as if they are in a far away place. It is in fact true that these individuals exist in a place between what is immediately perceptible and what is outside the realm of normalcy. Ajna consciousness is associated with the owl. The owl represents sight, both inner and outer. The owl is also an animal of great intelligence with the ability to sense subtle shifts in its surroundings. Subtle expression is important for the Ajna yogin. Ajna consciousness represents subtlety through its connection to the beyond. That which is beyond is not within the realm of immediate perception. It is the uncanny, the place far away from what is rooted and easily understood. The Ajna is our link to that place, the black door at the end of the hallway that brings us beyond what is seen and unseen. Sa.