The world hangs on a thin thread. And at this psyche of man, sometimes we are tired of it and we need sometimes a sudden explosion to make us free from it. You'll see that maybe not everything is true that you've heard about me, for example. What's not true? Well, am I pure evil? Am I the face of terror sitting here in front of you? Or am I able to talk to you man to man? Kind of. We had a bad stigma because the tourists became like a very bad name here through the media and stuff. They didn't like the tourists and they were rather anti eurythmics and we just had to prove it, we could do something. And I'm very satisfied now. Anahata is the consciousness of. Of willpower. It is the balancing point between the left hand path and right hand path. It is the only chakra that does not possess an inherent alignment with either the divine masculine or feminine. This chakra is represented by the shot Kona, the unification of Shiva and Shakti. Individuals rooted in the Anahata tend to have a strong balance of divine, masculine and feminine traits that the figure and. The ground, the black and the white, are mutually necessary to each other. In that figure that I showed you, you could say both the cup with the stem and the two faces are there, but our ideas about them, our concepts are mutually exclusive and we cannot see them both at the same time. And this of course, is represented in this fundamental Chinese figure of the yang or the positive principle and the yin or the negative principle. Like two fishes constantly circulating, going round and round and round and round in the alternations of the strong expression of. Balance within this chakra allows the Anahata yogin to attract people of varying states of consciousness. Two years ago, the hippie commune led by Charles Manson moved it into this old Wild west film set just outside Los Angeles. And it was here that they were living. Individuals who are well adjusted in the Anahata are natural leaders with the ability to bring others into self realization by offering a point of balance through bold expression of the will. I don't have any confusion, I don't have any guilt. I know what I've done and no man can judge me. I judge me, what have you. Those rooted in the Anahata are able to effectively inspire others to reach a point of unification of the self. I felt that Jung should tell me what I should do, whether I should write a book, whether I should get a divorce, what I should do. And he wouldn't. And so I got mad at him and I said why is everybody so mean to me? And he said, why are you so mean to everybody? Achieving this unification is inherently attractive to all living beings because it is the means by which the Dharma or nature of a being is expressed to its fullest potential. This is the Nietzschean will to power, the drive towards self realization. The Anahata yogin tends to possess a warm and nurturing energy that is coupled with extreme intensity. It is through this energy that the Anahata yogin is able to influence others so effectively, bringing them to the point of ecstatic connectivity with the self and others. It is in the balancing point of the Anahata that a maelstrom of energetic shifting and stabilizing occurs. Because the Anahata is the central point of the spectrum of consciousness, it has the ability to bring the lower chakras up and the higher chakras down. For some, the shift in consciousness that may occur when in the presence of the Anahata Yoga can be very comforting. But for others, it can be overwhelming. The intensity that is expressed by those rooted in the Anahata can be too much for some to bear. Kill yourself. In some instances, a stabilization is gained when in the presence of the Anahata yogin. This stabilization is the result of the individual being made to feel comfortable in their rooted consciousness by the warmth that emanates from the Anahata. The balancing aspect relates to the essential quest of the Anahata, that is the quest for the Grail. The Grail represents the two competing aspects within the Anahata. Self realization and dissolution. What is the secret of the Grail? Who does it serve? You, my Lord. Anahata acts as its own shadow consciousness. When well adjusted, the Anahata yogin is capable of exerting extreme willpower to the realization of the self. In maladjustment, Anahata consciousness collapses in on itself and the ego is crushed under the weight of intensive self denial. You know, I've always had a very acute sense of the finitude of existence. And so, and this is a good hint for people who have children, but with regards to your family members at all, don't take it for granted. No. Every second you get that isn't painful. You should cherish. Individuals rooted in the Anahata may therefore become so self sacrificing that they lose their identity entirely. Who am I? You are my lord and king, your author. Have you found the secret that I have lost? Yes. You and the land are one. The Grail offers a path to either self realization or dissolution. For some, self realization is achieved through devotion. This may seem like dissolution, but it is not. Percival, take Excalibur. Find a pool of calm water. Throw the sword. Percival is an example of a figure who. Who expresses his Anahata consciousness through devotional service to his king. Hanuman is another example of the Anahata and its devotional aspect. The self is expressed through courageous service to a cause that exists beyond the individual. Anahata consciousness is represented by the stag. The stag is a proud and strong animal that possesses a regal quality. The antlers of the stag represent the balancing point of the Anahata. When in conflict, the stag will enter into a test of will with its rival. This is a war of attrition, a test of the endurance, of strategy and might of the beast. Whoever possesses the greatest will to power gains total victory over his opponent. It is this will to power that drives the Anahata yogin in a path of conquest. It is in the eyes of the Anahata yogin that we find two specific expressions of chakra vision. The soul vision and the grail vision. Soul vision is defined by an intensive stare that seems to penetrate one's very soul. This is an expression of the relational aspect of Anahata consciousness. And what happens when you just get real mad and your wife's in front of you, or one of your sons or one of your stepsons? What happens to you then? What would it mean to you if you knew that those three people could go to bed this night and pull those covers up around their neck and know that whatever else happened, my daddy, my husband is there for me. The Grail vision differs in that it is related to the individual expression of the self held by the Anahata yogin. In the expression of grail vision, it is as if the individual is looking to the horizon, the next point of conquest. When well adjusted, the Anahata is a source of great passion. There is a strong romantic streak to individuals rooted in the Anahata. This state of consciousness may be defined as operatic in nature. The intensity of willpower and strong sense of self that is possessed by the Anahata yogin May lead them to behave in a way that. That some may consider overly dramatic. There is a deep longing for dramatic expression within the Anahata. And this chakra is colored by strong expressions of emotion. And the world. Turning inside out. In applying their will, Anahata yogins may tap into a steady flow of energy. That allows them to remain extremely dedicated to the pursuit of a goal. Individuals in the Anahata will sometimes embrace a struggle to a degree that others may find masochistic. So long as the Anahata yogin is able to recognize the need for an occasional rest, they will find that their inherent willpower allows them to achieve great feats of physical, mental, and spiritual endurance.