Sam, Just as some people were very terrified of rock and roll when it started, and then they got terrified of the Beatles. There are some people who get scared by any new trend in music. Fair enough. I'll tell you, one terror. Good question. In this music, one terror is that if you play music like the way I do, okay, obviously already, if I put as much into a song as I possibly can on your show, automatically for five, 10 minutes, it's very hard for me to speak articulately or to talk to you, you see, because you're pumped. Because I've quite given myself totally to that. It's Dionysic, if you know the difference between dionysic and Apollonian art. Muladhara consciousness is the purest expression of rootedness in the body. The Muladhara chakra is located at the perineum, emphasizing the connection between this particular state of consciousness and the divine feminine. This is the consciousness of the beast, the animalistic urge to create and destroy. There is a direct association between the Muladhara and. And Mahakali. In Viagra Yoga, the third eye of Mahakali is located at the vagina. It is through sexual expression at its most animalistic form that a path is open to self realization. The Muladhara may therefore be seen as the point of realization that runs counter to the point of transcendence at the Sahasra. This chakra represents body consciousness and the expression of individuation. It is important for those rooted in the Muladhara to preserve their individual nature against any threat. The Sahasra, also known as the crown Chakra, is the adversarial point to the Muladhara. Muladhara consciousness tends to find the dissolving element of the Sahasra to be repulsive. Any attempt to bring the individual nature in alignment with the whole can be seen as a threat to the sovereignty of the Muladhara. Yogin. It is this disgust with the unifying element that may lead those rooted in the Muladhara to. To become naturally aggressive and combative. Oh, I'm sitting here in Nashville at the little studio. Okay. Your body language says leave you alone. Your hands are crossed. Okay. Hey, since you'd rather be up there, I'd rather be there looking at Gretchen. Well, there you go. Good morning to you, too. Good morning to you, too. Let's just have a little intimate discussion right here. I'd love to pick your brain about politics. Yeah. All right, so I'll start with an easy question. Who do you like in the GOP race? Nobody. Right. How important is image to I'm not really fussed. I'm very lucky that I got to. Make the kind of album I wanted to make. That's pretty much it. The rest of it, I tell everyone to piss off, so it doesn't really matter, I suppose. Okay. How much money you got? How much money do I have? I don't know. I mean, for me. No, I mean, are you a rich? Like, you know. I mean, you get, like, over 10 million. I don't know what. To get to a certain level, you stop counting. And. And this feud with Hulk Hogan, is that real, or is that just, like, fake? Like, you know, we don't do anything fake. Well, you know wrestling is fake, though, right? No. Where the hell are you back? Come on. Better with you, huh? Wrestling is fake? Well, you know what I mean. It's. It's. I don't know what you mean. Well, it's entertainment. It's not really fighting, you know, not. Oh, come on, man. It's amazing. What do you think of this press? Wait a minute now. You gotta hold up and ask questions. You gotta read off a piece of. I mean, I just want to see if there's anything that I haven't answered. Fairies. Everybody knows that. In the fury of the Muladhara, wholeness is torn into distilled expressions of nature, with each expression carrying great density. It is the weightedness of the Muladhara which provides a source of rending power. Obstacles are slowly but surely broken down through stubbornness and the application of crushing weight unto any challenger. This is the charging elephant or the constricting serpent. The thrashing dragon or the rolling magma. Once again, an explicit connection between Muladhara consciousness and Mahakali is made. Kali is a ferocious manifestation of Shakti. She is the remover of obstacles. It is her fierce rootedness that grants her the power to push on against all challengers in a march of war that is without end. Mahakali carries a strong link to the blood. Blood is important to the Muladhara yogin. Issues of heritage are often of great consequence due to the awareness of material karma that is inherent to this chakra. The awareness of the importance of blood can lead the Muladhara yogin to embrace certain racial and ethnic characteristics with greater intensity than those rooted in other states of consciousness. Yeah. I love Elijah Muhammad. Anoint that if you attack him, I would kill you yesterday, today and tomorrow. And I'm not a killer. But neither are you. But if somebody attack what you love, each one of you in here would become a killer instantaneously. Am I lying, Mother? Let somebody look like they're attacking your child. Connection with the blood also offers the muladhara yogin access to forces of an extremely imminent nature. Muladhara magic is associated with blood prana. Blood prana is the immanent form of prana that expresses the divine in material formation. Blood magic tends to be more accessible to the muladhara yogin. One example of muladhara magic in the blood ritual tradition is voodoo. Voodoo is a form of African traditional magic that expresses an intensely imminent nature. Rather than intense communion with the subtle aspects of magic, voodoo practitioners primarily focus on manifestation in the immediate dimension of consciousness. It is unsurprising that voodoo developed within Africa because the African social body is intensely rooted in the muladhara. There is a strong association between the muladhara and alcohol. Mahakali is traditionally worshiped through alcohol consumption, and alcohol may be utilized in ritual to bring about body consciousness. Alcohol may also be employed in blood magic in order to facilitate a stronger connection to the immanent expression. Maladjustment in the muladhara may lead to the adharmic consumption of alcohol, food, and other substances. Can I have a look at your boots? That's the first time I've seen Peyton Leather. What is the gold coin here? I don't know. You don't know? What does it say? Tony Llama, this gold rocking and Sam. I was honored to be on our next performer's new video. And if I ever record an album, I want this guy to produce mom and make me beautiful duets. Because he's freaking. Cheers. Danger. Individuals in the muladhara may seek out these substances in order to preserve their rootedness in the body. They may also seek out substances which remove them from body consciousness as a means of escaping the self. I live my own lifestyle. Alcohol was never my problem. There was other things that I end up, you know, I like to go up. The muladhara is most commonly represented by the elephant. Unlike the Vishudi manifestation of the elephant, the muladhara elephant is driven by animalistic consciousness. This animalistic manifestation of the elephant emphasizes the earthbound nature of the muladhara. In certain rituals, the muladhara may be accessed as a means of achieving the lycanthropic state. The forceful dragging of consciousness to the spinal base removes the yogin from concerns of intellect and spirit. Dolly, you also have recorded another song recently, and it's a beautiful song. Why don't you go sing Dumb Blonde? I mean, no. I mean, I don't. Dumb. No, that's not the way I should put It. Wait a minute now. I'll think of it. Dolly Parton recorded a song called Dumb Blonde. She is about to sing it for you. It is a mistake to assume that just because the Muladhara yogin finds distance from the intellect and spirit, that these individuals are somehow foolish. Because when I was little, I patterned my look after the town trollop. In our town. I guess that's what you call them. Me, too. I mean, that's what I did. Yeah, so did you. Really? Yes. And I thought she was the most beautiful thing. She had all this makeup and hair and all the tight clothes and everything I wanted. So it impressed me. So I thought, well, why not play the painted lady? You know, that I patterned my look after. So I did her in the movie. Yeah. So she must be so honored that you did that. Well, she didn't. I didn't never. I never called her name. I never really got to know her, really, because I don't think her family probably knew she was a hoe. Wisdom and knowledge are not limited to the right hand chakras. And in fact, it is possible to gain wisdom and knowledge through the immanent chakras just as effectively as the transcendent chakras. This is a message to each and every one in this country. If you make four breads, one bread is for the society. Muladhara yogins tend to be particularly adept at accessing knowledge through the body. This body awareness allows the individual to draw understanding directly from the earth and the blood. Muladhara yogins tend to carry a heaviness to their entire being. This can be seen quite clearly in the physical movements of many individuals rooted in the Muladhara. Intense heaviness is also represented in the eyes of the Muladhara yogin. I call this weighted vision. It is as if the Muladhara individual bears the weight of material form and carries this weight in their soul. It is true that there is a heaviness to the muladhara, but some individuals in the Muladhara are able to effectively access the earthiness of this state of consciousness in an expression of motherly warmth. It is this motherly warmth that balances the aggressive undertones of Muladhara consciousness. Individuals rooted in the Muladhara have the ability to quickly move to the foundation of a concept. This can help to prevent the Muladhara yogin from being manipulated by ideas that lack substance. Does black musicians hurt more? What do you mean, hurt more? I mean, is it. It's not that cliche. It's not that easy to say that because you came out of slavery. You play it on the beat. I have nothing to do with. However, the Muladhara yogin can also become very combative and unwilling to see beyond the practicality of things. Are you being ridiculous? Who do you think you're talking to? Oh, you're awfully young. It must be tough not knowing what you're talking about and who you're talking to. Never mind. If effort is not taken to remain open to manifestations of mind and spirit, it is possible for the Muladhara yogin to lose access to a deeper understanding of beauty. Individuals who are able to achieve a healthy expression of the Muladhara will find this state to be a great source of individuation and connection with the earth.