I was just thinking you and your family and your friends could have your own arts festival and include whatever you like to do, such as drawing or painting or dancing or dressing up or singing or cooking. There are many ways of saying who you are and how you feel. Ways that can be so helpful. Ways that don't hurt yourself or anybody else. You know? That's how you can tell when you're grown up. Inside, you're sure that what you're planning and doing are things that can be a real help to you and your neighbor. I'm proud of you. You know that? I hope you do. The Sahasra is the chakra of unification. It is the home of pure spirit and the only chakra that rests outside of the physical body. The Sahasra is sometimes referred to as the crown chakra due to its placement above the head and its position in the hierarchy of the Right Hand Path. On the Right Hand Path, the yogin must transcend the three Gunas in search of a bridge to the gods and Shirakasha, the eternal blackness. The Sahasra is the final point before transcendence. And so it rests at the capstone of the pyramid of the self. This is the place of the subtle body, the abode of unity and the endless waters of the sky. Individuals rooted in the Sahasra live in a place that is far from the material foundation of the present dimension of consciousness. It is as if these individuals wear the world as a thin garment, often feeling more in common with the stream of the infinite than the solid ground beneath their feet. At times, the Sahasra yogin may appear to be halfway in this world and halfway in the next. Most of the people that I know like fun just as much as you do. Yeah. Will you be my neighbor? Yeah. You have. You really have a wonderful voice and a wonderful attitude you have with the kids. Kids are not easy to fool. They're much brighter than most people give them credit. And they're hip to catch on to any kind of real phoniness. Are they not? I really think that the most important thing that we do is being honest. Yeah. There is an energetic expression within the Sahasra that is inherently ethereal and elevated. The Sahasra rests at the furthest distance from the Muladhara, the grounding force. And therefore it is a place of alienation in the best and worst sense. In detachment. The Sahasra yogin releases expectation and allows for the free flow of spirit. Wherever the ocean of milk flows, so too flows the spirit of the Sahasra. Yoga we just have to sort of make a decision where we want the little stream to come from. Maybe back in here. And I know this is going to look like we're destroying everything. Don't worry about it. We don't make mistakes. We have happy accidents. It is within this beautiful flow that the furthest reaches of inner and outer space are accessed. However, the lack of grounding may lead the Sahasra yogin to stray too far and lose all sense of direction. It is possible that the yogin may become lost in the wilderness. If they cannot tether their subtle body to the material horrifying story, then let's go to the thing that is most discussed about you, I think, is the fact that the color of your skin is obviously different than it was when you were younger. And so I think it has caused a great deal of speculation and controversy as to what you have done or are doing. Are you bleaching your skin, and is your skin lighter because you don't like being black? Number one, there, as I know of, there is no such thing as skin bleaching. I have never seen it. I don't know what it is. Well, they used to have those products growing up. I used to hear, always use bleach and glow, but you'd have to have about 300,000 gallons. Okay, number one, this is the situation. I have a skin disorder that destroys the pigmentation of the skin. It's something that I cannot help, okay? But when people make up stories that I don't want to be who I am, it hurts me. So it is. The alchemical element associated with the Sahasra is water. Water is all encompassing. It surrounds and flows through. Individuals rooted in the Sahasra are constantly surrounded by the waters of the spirit. This can be a source of great comfort or a source of great suffering for the Sahasra yogin. Unlike the Ajna, there is no energetic link to mind in the Sahasra. And so there is no barrier to the spirit. The Sahasra yogin cannot help but feel the spiritual presence of everything that surrounds them. And they often cannot help but express their spirit to others. This can create a sense of unity, or it can create feelings of infestation. People have said, you know, quite unprompted, they say things like, I don't know. There's something lovely and warm and spiritual about it. It has that effect on me. Well, it's to do with the love I've had for voices, choral work, Gregorian chant. It's fascinating the way the voices can swell in and out. Oh, it's just wonderful. You know, there's nothing else that can do that, really. It may sound like a lofty thing to say on VH1, but basically, you know, what are we doing on this planet? I think through the Beatle experience that we'd had, we'd grown so many years within a short period of time. I'd experienced so many things and met so many people, but I realized there was nothing actually that was giving me a buzz anymore. I wanted something better. I remember thinking, I'd love to meet somebody who will really impress me. I don't mean because somebody like, you know, Burt Lancaster, because he was in a movie. I mean, I met Burt Lancaster and he impressed me on that level. But I meant somebody who could really impress me. And that's when I met Ravi, which was funny because he's this little fella with an obscure instrument from. From our point of view. And yet it led me into such depths. And I think that was. That's the most important thing. It still is for me. The energy that is collected by the Sahasra Yoga can become a source of great disturbance, especially if that energy is not discharged through magical processes. Modernity has posed a great challenge for the Sahasra yogin. The rejection of the full scope of magic and the proliferation of radical skepticism has further alienated the Sahasra yogin from a spiritually fulfilling environment. We're going to talk to you about the most urgent thing that is on our mind and what we suspect is the most urgent thing on the minds of those who will connect with us. We'll title this tape Planet Earth about to Be Recycled. In Rejection of Modernity. Many individuals rooted in the Sahasra have sought fulfillment in communities that actively promote spiritualism and a connection to the oneness aspect of God consciousness. I've been in the class for three years, just four days ago, and I don't know, I just feel like I've learned so much about the next level and Kingdom of God, kingdom of Heaven, and on how best to cut all ties, attachments and addictions to self and this world. This is my prepared statement. It's very simple and I don't know. I think my constant asking long before I entered the class was the key constant begging for the real facts, the real truth as how to. To get out of this world and grow beyond it, rise above it, leave it behind. Sahasra yogins may also seek to express their will to spiritual unification through active mixing of cultures and races. The adversarial consciousness of the Sahasra is the Muladhara, her career's biggest controversies. When she tried to join the pepsi generation in 1989, Madonna signed a multi million dollar contract with Pepsi, who agreed to debut her new single Like a Prayer on a Pepsi commercial. One day after the commercial premiered, Madonna released a video for the song. It's one of the heaviest videos she's ever done in terms of the subject matter she's playing with, with the burning crosses and the bleeding palms and the. The black Jesus like figure. The video itself was enough to. To shock a lot of people. I close my eyes. It dealt with a lot of taboos and it made people afraid to the. Today we stand together all around the world, joined in a common purpose to remake the planet into a haven of joy and understanding and goodness. No one should have to suffer, especially our children. This time we must succeed. Don't. The Muladhara is the seat of earth materiality and individuation. It is within the Muladhara that a healthy foundation in the physical world is established. If one lacks a strong connection to the Muladhara, one may find it difficult to navigate the present dimension of consciousness. The present dimension is rooted in the material expression of consciousness. And Sahasra yogins are born in a natural state of detachment from this rooted point. It is therefore often difficult for individuals rooted in this state to develop a healthy relationship with the material. Then we started getting our hair cut the same and we started to become mirror images. And as you become those mirror images, it helps you to maintain a sense of surrender to each other. But it wasn't enough. Still, going back to Burroughs and Brian Geising and some of their work, we thought if they do cut ups with literature and even with images and even with tape recorders, then what if we cut up our bodies and our identities so that we become a third being, not just a third mind. These individuals may become confused by the physical, leading to a compulsive relationship with the body and inanimate objects. Steve O has built an impressive career by Hollywood standards. He's had four number one box office hits. His Jackass franchise has grossed over $400 million worldwide. Steve O says if people were shocked and disgusted by his debauchery on camera, his drinking and drug abuse behind the scenes was even worse. It had a lot to do with the extent to which I was in the grips of addiction and alcoholism. And I think a component of that is that I somehow felt defective. You know, there was just a discomfort in my own skin, which is a common trait of alcoholism. So I just felt like there was something wrong with me. There is a clarity that is present within the Sahasra which is unique to this state of consciousness. Every chakra except for the Sahasra is associated with one of the three gunas. The gunas are elemental expressions of creation that describe the relational quality of the chakras. These gunas include tamas, the grounded element, rajas, the passion element, and sattva, the tranquil element. The Sahasra is without guna, meaning that it does not carry a solid relational expression. Instead, the Sahasra takes on the elemental nature of that which surrounds is like an octopus changing its colors in an attempt to unify with its environment. Such unification often occurs without the awareness of the Sahasra yoga. It is an automatic response to changing waters. The fluidity of this state can be a source of discomfort as the yogin may begin to feel overwhelmed within the spiritual current. I don't mind talking to people. Like if said he come up and say, David Allen Coe, listen, my favorite song is Jody like Melody. I'll talk to that motherfucker all night long. What I don't like is the people. They said, you're somebody. Who are you? What are you saying? What do you do? Yeah, get the fuck away from me. I was so unhappy last year and even the beginning of this year. I was so unhappy and I was so like joyless. Why? Why were you unhappy? I just. I don't know. I think there, I mean there were so many, so many reasons. It all was because I was actually clinically depressed. That was the beginning of it. But then on top of it was this fame that I didn't want at the time. It was this unability to go out places and it was so torturous was because all I wanted to do was go hang out with my friends. However, when well adjusted, this aspect of the Sahasra may be utilized in order to develop a strong capacity for empathy and the facilitation of shared experience. I did a show the other night and I went out into the crowd and kind of stood up on the barricade like every couple feet. And there was this one moment where I went up to this girl and she was. She was this close to me. And she immediately went and pulled her phone up and like literally did this like blocked her face and I couldn't see her face. And I just went and I grabbed her phone and I pushed it down and I went like this. And she immediately was like. And she got. She totally understood. She wasn't like oh, no, my phone. She was like, yeah. And she, like, got right up close to me and we were kind of like touching foreheads and looking at each other. And it meant a lot to me. And then I just like grabbed her little chin and kind of held it and kept walking and then hugged a couple people and stuff like that really just gets me. I love intimate moments like that. While it is true that individuals rooted in the Sahasra tend to possess a greater capacity for empathy, they also tend to express a strong sense of personal pride. Lucifer is a deity rooted in the Sahasra. His pride led him to question the authority of Yahweh and pursue rebellion as a means of liberation. Oftentimes, it is difficult for Sahasra yogins to defer to authority. These individuals tend to question authority and will often disregard the advice of others. Interestingly, a mixed expression of energy can develop with the seeming will to unify combined with the desire to express one's will independently. This seeming contradiction results in a unique expression of Sahasra consciousness, referred to as Luciferian Sahasra. You should see me in a crowd Watch me make them bow one by one by one. The Luciferian expression of Sahasra consciousness is often identifiable in the eyes of the individual. There are two common forms of Sahasra gaze, Clarity vision and Luciferian vision. Clarity vision is typically seen in those individuals who are more oriented towards the unifying aspect of the Sahasra. These individuals tend to possess a calm detachment in the eyes as well as a unique glow. The eyes of the Luciferian Sahasra individual tend to possess a strong element of occultism. It is as if the individual possesses awareness of a hidden knowledge that he may utilize in order to gain an advantage over his enemies. It is in the embrace of the spiritual power of the Sahasra that individuals rooted in this state express the subtle ecstasy of of the church choir. I really wanna know you really wanna go with you really wanna show you. You wrote this driving home. I wrote it in the car on the way home. I actually was hearing it in my head while I was watching it. And as soon as I got in the car, it clarified and I heard all the parts. You also sang on it briefly. That was, in hindsight, the smartest thing I ever did because. Because my health insurance is still now from singing the sins. The elevation of the soul through the embrace of all that unifies provides a pathway to shared experience and the attainment of harmony in action. It is in this harmony that the Sahasra yogin recognizes the beautiful sympathy that exists between God and devil, between man and beast, and between friend and foe. This sympathy can also transform into a deep hatred, a holy war against all that threatens the differentiated art of the cosmos. Sa.