Sam Hanumanasana. Hanuman's posture the heart bridge. This is one of the most difficult postures to perform in Hatha Yoga. To perform Hanumanasana, you must be devoted to your practice. You must turn your body towards the gods and feel their presence in your heart. If you can do this, you may cross the waters and experience the full power of love and passion. Hanuman is the monkey God of the Indian tradition. He is the purest expression of the Bhakti school of yoga. Bhakti is a devotional yoga practice that consists of directing one's awareness to an object of love. The love that is expressed by the yogin acts as a pranic channel for the creation of an empowering relationship. Bhakti is a practice that is seated in the Anahata, the heart chakra. And Hanuman is a deity rooted in the Anahata. By behaving like Hanuman, the yogin may learn all that needs to be learned about Bhakti and how it may be practiced to express one's will to power. The Anahata is the home of relational passion. It is the bridge between all other states of consciousness. If one is to develop a loving relationship with a differentiated aspect of the cosmos, one must access the pranic channels of the heart and find the path to devotion. Hanuman was able to achieve this in relation to the object of his love, Lord Rama. Rama is the seventh incarnation of Vishnu. He is a God king who came to Earth in response to the pleas of the prevailing race for the gods to provide a righteous ruler who may protect them from the asura plaguing the lands. Who were the people that made up this prevailing race? They were the ape men of the distant past, the primate ancestors of modern humans. One of the secrets of Vishnu is that he incarnates in order to advance life on Earth to its next evolutionary stage. It is through the example set by Vishnu that life strives for advancement to something beyond. Vishnu may therefore be understood as the Nietzschean ubermensch who carves the path to a super state of consciousness that is accessible through the will to power. In his incarnation as Rama, Vishnu provided ancient proto humans with an example to be followed. Rama represented the next stage of evolution for these proto humans. He is the form of man. In the golden age of Arianism, Hanuman is a member of the proto human apeman race. Through his undying devotion to Rama, Hanuman was able to achieve apotheosis and reach the status of godhood. Specifically, Hanuman is designated as a Shiranjivi an immortal who roams the earth until the end of the Kali Yuga. He was able to achieve immortality through his bhakti practice. What does this mean for the yogin? It means that the heart is the seat of all that is immortal. It is within the heart that the esoteric anchor is formed. This anchor is the means of preserving the ego and escaping dissolution into the void. Through cultivation of a strong heart connection, the yogin may advance deeper into the eternal blackness, going so far as to reach the monistic point while still preserving the will to differentiated expression. Such devotion is extremely rare and is only accessible to the most passionate of yogins. The passion that is expressed in bhakti extends beyond reason. It is a transcendent expression that balances the will to preservation and the will to dissolution. How can one achieve persistent preservation and dissolution simultaneously? Only through the irrationality of deep burning passion in the heart. It is through this passion that all contradictions in the cosmos are burned and destroyed. Nothing stands against the power of the heart, and in the Anahata all treasures may be gained. Where there is a will, there is a way. Hanuman's expression of will is demonstrated in his search for Rama's wife, Sita. Sita was kidnapped by the Asura Ravana and brought to the far off land of Sri Lanka. At the time, there was no means of accessing this faraway land, and Sohanuman led an army of apemen in the construction of a massive stone bridge between India and Sri Lanka. The construction of this bridge represents the relational aspect of the Anahata as a bridge between the chakras. Building a bridge between India and Sri Lanka would be a massive undertaking with modern technology in ancient times, such an undertaking would require incredible dedication and willpower. In performing Hanumanasana, the yogin recreates the construction of the bridge by Hanuman and his army. Just as the construction of Hanuman's bridge required incredible devotion and patience, the same may be said for the performance of Hanumanasana. This asana requires the performance of preliminary postures for long periods of time leading up to the final performance of the asana only when the body has been put through the necessary strengthening to unlock the final posture. Just as Hanuman worked with unfaltering dedication to construction of his bridge, the yogin too must act with extreme dedication to turn the body into a bridge. In pursuing this asana, the yogin expresses the same same type of divine love that is expressed by Hanuman in reference to Rama and Sita, the outstretched legs of Hanumanasana represent not only the bridge between India and Sri Lanka but also the relational aspect of the Anahata. While in Hanumanasana the yogin may bring their awareness to the heart and reflect upon the power of love as a means of achieving great power. Through love and devotion, it is possible to recognize one's dharma not only in relation to the self but also in relation to others. The Dharmic relationship between the yogin and the Guru may be cultivated through the practice of Hanumanasana. In Tantra Anahata, meditation is one of the primary methods for achieving Guru Bhakti and developing an anchor that allows one to escape the cycle of life and death. Hanumanasana may also be performed in reference to a romantic partner. While in Hanumanasana the legs are spread wide, the chest is opened and the crown is held high. The opening of these gates allows for the experience of total romantic ecstasy at the Muladhara, Anahata and Sahasra. This is the experience of love in the physical, emotional and spiritual centers. This type of total love is extremely rare but can be accessed through devotional practice of Hanumanasana with the dharmic consort. Ride the Tiger Yoga has developed a practice guide to Hanumanasana and Bhakti Yoga. In this guide you will discover the Aryan approach to deity worship. The practice guide also includes a full Asana program for developing Hanumanasana, ritual music and a Hanuman yoga nidra. You may find the link to the guide in the description.