Is semen retention a valuable practice? In order to answer that question, we have to consider individual dharma, or to put it simply, the nature of an individual. Because for some individuals, semen retention is a very powerful practice that is highly recommended if it's done correctly. But for others, it can be destructive. Just placing a blanket statement on a practice like semen retention, saying it's good or bad, misses the point of Tantra. Tantra is an individualized practice. It's experimental and experiential. And so for some of you who are watching, semen retention will bring you to a deeper realization of the nature of your sexuality and how your sexuality interacts with your wider consciousness. For others, it might just become a distraction or an attachment that ultimately reduces your power. So for those of you who may benefit from semen retention, and there are many, here's how you do it properly. First, you need to distance yourself from the popular propaganda surrounding semen retention. Tantrics have practiced semen retention and other forms of sex magic for thousands of years. And these practices have been highly refined. There is an esoteric and an exoteric component to this practice. Now, in the popular practice of semen retention, like the no Fat Movement, the focus is on the exoteric. There might be some reference to an esoteric component or a spiritual component or a subtle component of the practice, but this is without the depth of understanding that is accessible in a true Tantric practice. One of the great mistakes that is repeated in the popular practice of semen retention is the idea that we as men are inherently sexually compulsive and that there is nothing you can do to change your compulsive nature. All you can do is practice something like semen retention with the recognition that ultimately you have a biological drive to act upon your sexual urges in some way. Now this is a lie. Through the practice of Tantra, you can overcome any compulsion. The compulsive aspect of male sexuality is the result of the presence of unrefined shakti, or the unrefined, underdeveloped, divine, feminine aspect consciousness. We are born into the age of Shakti. And the present Yuga is the Kali Yuga. Within the Kali Yuga, the physical body, or the blood body as we call it in Diagra Yoga is the foundation of consciousness. And with the blood body being the foundation of consciousness, all things that are physical are the immediate expression of one's consciousness. And so, yes, we are all men and women born into compulsion. But we should not turn this compulsion into a point of pride or an excuse for unrefined behavior. Because, yes, you may be born with a biological or a natural drive to pursue sexual expression, but this is only one half of your expression of sexuality. There is the natural expression of sexuality, which, in its unrefined state, is compulsive, and there is the spiritual or subtle expression of sexuality. Now, one of the things that we do in Tantra yoga is we recognize the presence of the unrefined shakti aspect within our consciousness. And we perform exercises that are based upon experience and experimentation that have been proven to work through many, many years of intense practice and a tradition that's passed down from yogi to yogi. We utilize these practices in order to overcome compulsion. So one of the ways that we overcome sexual compulsion is to advance from the unrefined natural state to a refined, subtle state, subtle expression, exploring the depth of the natural expression of sexuality as well as the depth of the subtle expression, and then we combine them into the holistic expression of sexuality. How do you do this? Well, there are many methods that you can apply, but one method that I utilize with my students is to practice the Iron Serpent ritual. Now, the Iron Serpent Ritual is a form of semen retention. The idea behind the practice is that rather than restrict yourself from all stimuli, what you do is you willfully expose yourself to sexual stimuli, and then you utilize meditative exercises in order to bring your reactive nature under control and eliminate compulsion. Now, this is quite different from the recommendations that you will receive from mainstream practitioners of popular semen retention. Most often, you will hear that if you want to practice semen retention, you should avoid pornography. You should avoid any sort of exposure to sexual activity. You should not even look at women wearing swimsuits, because if you do this, your biological urges will overtake you and the entire process will be for nothing. But because we recognize in Tantra that we are not inherently compulsive beings, we do not blame pornography for our reaction. We do not blame the woman in a bikini for our reaction. We take responsibility for our consciousness. And in doing so, we are able to expose ourselves to stimuli that, yes, in an unrefined state, causes a reaction, but we utilize techniques in order to overcome that reactive nature. And when you overcome that reactive nature, you are able to willfully direct sexual prana. Now, sexual prana is, to put it simply, sexual energy. It's very powerful, extremely powerful. In fact, it's so powerful that it is one of the primary modes of manipulation in our contemporary system. Marketers have utilized sexual prana in order to drive consumption for decades now, until you practice the proper methods of Tantric sex magic to overcome your compulsions, you won't know just how prevalent this manipulation is in the culture. But ultimately, it's your responsibility to overcome the manipulation. It's not the fault of the marketer that you are compelled. It's not the fault of the pornographer that you are compelled. It's your fault because you have not taken the necessary action to control yourself. So stop blaming women, stop blaming porn, stop blaming anything but yourself for your condition. You need to take control of the sexual element of your consciousness. And if you can do this effectively, the benefits are immense. First, you will be able to choose when you want to expel sexual prana and when you want to keep it. Now, when you keep your sexual energy, you can direct it towards new ends, such as an artistic project or maybe some other form of physical exercise. If you can do this, if you can learn how to direct your sexual energy properly through Tantric yoga, you will become incredibly powerful. And you will become far more attractive to women, because women can sense your compulsions. And if your method of semen retention consists of submitting to the fact that you are a biologically compelled animal and you have no means of escaping this other than through abstinence, your compulsions will still be present. Women will still be able to sense this, and you will not grow to the ultimate expression of your sexual power. What you have to do is you have to practice the Kriya method. You have to open up a flow, a meditative flow of consciousness, so that whenever you are exposed to something that may be a distraction in an unrefined state, you are able to absorb the distraction. It does not overtake you. So whenever you encounter a beautiful woman, your instinct will not be to abstain from interaction with that woman. Your instinct will not be to resent that woman. Instead, you will have the confidence that you know how to win. Willfully direct your sexual prana to whatever end is necessary, whatever end you desire. And if you can do that, then you're practicing effective semen retention. Now, one last thing I must note is that if you have been practicing semen retention for a long period of time, and if you are practicing Tantra yoga in all of its aspects, along with semen retention, you will generate so much sexual prana that semen retention becomes poisonous, it becomes self destructive, and you will produce so much sexual energy that it is actually in your benefit to expel that energy as much as possible. But this is not the condition that most men or women exist within. In the present age. In fact, most men and women have access to very little sexual prana, because that prana is being dispersed in mindless consumption. When you drink the energy drink or soda or beer, or you eat the hamburger that's being marketed to you through sexual manipulation, you are actually having sex with your food. You're having sex with the beer. You are expelling sexual prana because your body remembers that it was sexually stimulated by the marketing tactic that led you to that consumption. And because you are unaware of this fact, you are just dispersing your energy. You're expelling your sexual prana outside of any sort of healthy sexual union. And this happens all the time. Capitalism is directed by sexual prana. So if you want to become truly autonomous and truly powerful, one of the ways that you can do this is to reflect. Reflect on your sexual nature and learn how to control it.