Okay, so tonight we're going to discuss Shiva. Now, Shiva is a very, very complex figure within the Indian tantric tradition. So for this lecture, I'm going to provide a general introduction to Shiva and we're going to touch upon some of his elements. In the future, I plan to address each of these elements individually within lectures because there is so much richness to this God that each element deserves at least an hour of discussion. So with this, I just want to give you an overview of the nature of Shiva, discuss some of the iconography, and then we'll have q and a about everything we discussed here. And like I said, we can talk about these other elements in great depth tonight, but I will be covering them in individual lectures. So Shiva represents the divine, masculine within the Indian tantric tradition and his counterpart, his consortium, shakti. So if we are to place these two on the spectrum of consciousness as represented by the chakras, we would place Shiva in his pure form at the sahasra and Shakti in her pure form at the muladhara. Now, I say pure form because both Shiva and shakti have various incarnations. And I'll discuss just a couple of Shiva's incarnations tonight. I won't get into all of them because there are. There are many, many incarnations, and they all have very significant attributes that deserve a longer discussion. But I will discuss just a couple of the more prominent forms. But just as shakti has many forms, such as the. The mahavidyas, Kali, Kamala, and all those forms, Shiva has the same type of manifestations. And each of these manifestations are representative of different forms of consciousness as expressed through Shiva. But Shiva also has a very interesting element in his manifestations in that he relates to the material world through his consorts. So he has various consorts, and they all tend to represent a feminine form of his contemplative nature. So it's like the contemplative element, the transcendent element within the material form. And that is where you get the relationship between Shiva and his consorts. But these relationships vary greatly depending upon the tantric tradition that you're referring to. So in shaktiism, for example, Shiva plays a very important role, but his role is sort of secondary to shakti because shakti is considered the ultimate expression of God within the shakti tradition. In the shaivite and vaiava tradition, Shiva is emphasized obviously with much greater importance because those traditions are oriented more towards transcendence. And when we're discussing Shiva, ultimately his nature is transcendence. Transcendence, meaning that he is a pure representation of spirit. And spirit being an element of unification, is ultimately related to order, bringing things into order, bringing things under control, suppressing the chaotic element which is the purest form of the divine feminine. And so it is through this urge towards control and unification that Shiva is known as the Adiyogi or the originator of yoga. So all yogic practices within the tantric mythology points back to Shiva. Shiva, operating as a manifestation of the divine masculine within a differentiated cosmos, must create order from the chaos that surrounds him. That is his mission, that is his goal. It's his dharma to create order. And order in this sense is created through self mastery, unification, yoga. Yoga is the union that is achieved through the ascending path, the self mastery. And so from Shiva we have the asanas. Shiva teaches the asanas. He teaches the yogic path. He teaches any element that leads to refinement, because, as I said, ultimately his purest expression is that unifying point. And so to refine things, to take them and bring them into alignment, this is the urge, but it is expressed in an individuated context whenever we take the divine masculine and we place it in the age of shakti. And I discussed that in a previous lecture, the fact that the divine masculine element is transformed by its presence in an age of divine feminine power. So when we're discussing all of these various elements of Shiva, we have to keep in mind that while ultimately his essence is unification and return to oneness, the transcendent point, he must operate within the material, within the present dimension of consciousness. He must operate within shakti. And so he does have a differentiated form. And by observing this differentiated form, we can learn how to better bring ourselves into alignment with unification and to achieve self mastery through ascension. So let's talk about some of the elements of Shiva. Shiva possesses a third eye. And Shiva's third eye is quite interesting because usually it remains closed. It remains closed because this represents, for one, the drive towards introspection due to his contemplative nature. And also the fact that if he opens his eyes, so if he brings introspection into the present dimension of consciousness, it is a destructive act. And so in the Tantric mythology, when Shiva opens his third eye, everything he sees is reduced to ash. And specifically, the third eye of Shiva is associated with the destruction of Kama. Kama is pleasure or desire. And so when we think about this in terms of a yogic practice, Shiva offers the means by which we can overcome attachment to kama. Many of you, I'm sure all of you have heard of the Kama Sutra. The Kama Sutra is a book that discusses the concept of kama and pleasure and, and how to integrate it in a dharmic fashion. Well, Shiva plays a very important role in this because if we're thinking about pleasure as it relates to dharma, pleasure can only be dharmic or kama can only be dharmic if it is not compulsive. If it's compulsive, then it is an attachment. And it prevents us from achieving self realization on the mountain, on the yogic path. So Shiva is an entity, a being, a deity that offers us a path towards bringing pleasure into alignment with Dharma. Well, in order to do that, in the traditional initiation of the right hand path, you have to sever all attachments 2 comma. And so opening the third eye of Shiva means that you have destroyed all of these attachments. You have destroyed the compulsions towards pleasure and desire, which may act as a barrier towards your ultimate realization of nirvana or realization of the self on the descending path. So that is one very important element of Shiva. Now, there are other elements of Shiva that are very similar to this, this theme of self mastery, and that is one of those elements is the tiger skin. So I mentioned this before, but Shiva rides the tiger, but when he rides the tiger, it is of a different nature than durja. Then Shakti, when Shiva rides the tiger, he's doing so through submission of the will of the tiger. So in iconography of Shiva, you'll often see that he is sitting on a tiger skin. And you contrast this with durja Shakti, who rides the tiger, a living tiger. She is sitting on the back of a living tiger. So this is her embrace of the shakti energy that drives the modern age. Shiva is embracing the tiger, but he's doing so through submitting the will of the tiger. So he has slayed the tiger, he has destroyed the tiger, but he has kept the trappings of the tiger. So this means that Shiva is operating within modernity, he's operating within the material world, but he's doing so from a point of overcoming of a lack of attachment to that thing. He has brought it under his will. And this is yet another expression of Shiva's drive towards self mastery which is represented in his iconography. Now, another important icon of Shiva is the Vasuki. Vasuki is a naga serpent deity that rests on the neck of Shiva. And Vasuki is the king of naga. He's very, very powerful, and he grants blessings. There is a myth of the churning of the ocean of milk to extract Amrita, the nectar of the gods within the Indian tantric tradition. And Vasuki gives himself towards this task. So he gives one end of his body to the deva and one end of his body to the asura. So these are like the angelic beings and the demonic beings and they utilize his body in order to churn together the ocean of milk and extract the Amrita. And what this represents is balance, balance between the angelic and the demonic aspects. This is an element of overcoming duality. Because ultimately when you reach unification, when you're advancing towards that transcendent point, you're achieving liberation from duality. So Shiva exists in a non dual state, ultimately in his purest expression. And by placing the serpent on his neck, this is yet another example of his will towards achieving that balance. The serpent also representing shakti. Any serpentine figure within the Indian tradition has some element of shakti associated with it. So by placing shakti around the neck, Shiva is demonstrating his will towards achieving that balance. Balance between the deva and the asura, balance between shakti and himself. The throat of Shiva is very important. There is a myth of the poisoning of the world by a great serpent. And Shiva takes the poison into his throat and purifies it. And from this he gives pure water back to the earth and this causes his throat to turn blue. So there's an association between this myth of Shiva, this certain incarnation and the Vishuddhi, because the Visuddhi is the point of purification. And so with purification, what you have is the transformation poison into medicine. I mentioned this time and time again that this is an essential idea within the tantric tradition. The idea that we take things that would, under certain circumstances, destroy us and we turn them into a source of power. So with this myth, Shiva is demonstrating his ability to take elements of destruction and turn them into elements of creation. He's taking the poison, turning it into medicine, and that is achieved through the transcendent path. If he was unable to walk the transcending path or the transcendent path, he would be destroyed by those compulsions. So you see, there are so many elements of Shiva and this is just touching upon a few of them. But there are so many elements that are all related to the idea of ascension, of self mastery. The Trishula is the trident of Shiva. And this is once again another element of balance between creation, preservation and destruction. These are the three prongs of the trident. And Shiva fulfills all of these roles in some degree. And he does so by bringing them into alignment, into balance. His creative aspect is bringing things like yoga and art unification into the cosmos. This is a creative aspect. He is acting within the material world, but he's also preserving. He's trying to preserve the flow of time. He's trying to preserve the dharma towards alignment with oneness. And he's destroying things in the process. Because ultimately he is trying to destroy kama. And in his purest sense, he's trying to destroy all differentiation. Because differentiation is not order. Order is the absence of chaos. And you are going to have some element of chaos so long as you have a differentiat form. So ultimately, Shiva is trying to bring everything into ultimate order. And he does so through destruction. And the destructive elements of Shiva are seen in his dance. So he carries the damaru, the drum. The damaru is his link to his nataraja form. Nataraja is the cosmic dancer. So you may have seen the statue of Shiva dancing. This is a specific incarnation of Shiva. And in this incarnation he does the tendava which is the cosmic dance. The tendava is a dance of destruction and it is distinguished from the lasya which is the feminine dance. So the tendava is the masculine form of the cosmic dance where Shiva brings everything into dissolution. This is the destructive aspect. And the lasya is the dance that is performed by shakti. And her dance is creative. So she is trying to bring about a differentiated form in her dance. But this destructive aspect is important because this is what helps to advance the flow of time. Shiva is also associated with time, just as mahakali is associated with time. But his specific association with time is of a destructive nature. The idea that everything must once again return to that monistic point. Or if you don't believe that the monistic point is prime and I don't believe it's prime. I believe that it's impossible to say which state is prime. Then it is simply the advancement towards that monistic state. So that's where he plays a role in the advancement of time. Shiva is advancing us towards oneness and shakti is advancing us towards differentiation. Shiva is advancing us towards order. Excuse me, order. And shakti is advancing us towards differentiated form. So that is the contrasting point. Now, one more form of Shiva that I wanted to mention before we go to questions is Bhairava. Bhairava is very interesting. Bhairava is essentially the aghori shiva. He is Shiva in the cremation ground and he has a consort named Bhairavi. And so they are both agoris. In this form, Shiva is in his ferocious nature and what he is doing is he's manifesting as a muladhara form. So this is his adversarial consciousness made real. And so Bhairava is an aghori, and so he actually takes all poison. He practices his asceticism through seeing no difference between any material form. So this is a very important figure to the agories, because when you see an aghori do something like eat brain matter from a corpse or something like that, they're not seeing brain matter when they do this. They're seeing oneness. They're seeing God. They're seeing God in everything. And it's a very vicious, intense way of pursuing order and unification. And so when Shiva manifests in this form, even though his consciousness is of a very imminent nature, it's colored by his essential dharma, which is towards order, towards unification, towards transcendence. And so it's important to recognize that even though we see Shiva as a differentiated figure, as an active form taking the form of Bhairava or some other ferocious manifestation, ultimately everything that he does is colored by divine masculinity, which is order and a return to oneness. And this is the ultimate nature of Shiva, Sam.