You need to stop having kids. Like pretty much everyone who's watching this video needs to not have a child. And why is that? Well, because this world is totally hostile to children. I mean, God damn, if you're born into this world right now, you got about a 99% chance of having an absolutely dead end life with no fucking meaning. Because all of the institutions of society, whether they're public or private, are organized in such a way that you are a cog. You are a unit that is entirely disposable. And all of the religious systems that you're exposed to are designed to make you into one of those cogs. There are people who are generational Burger King employees. Generational? What the fuck is that? How is that any better than medieval serfdom? It's not. Do you realize that for the vast majority of human history, the average hours worked per week were 15 hours? 15 hours. And somehow we progressed to this brave new world where we are blessed privileged to work 40 hours a week if you're lucky, but most people are working 60 hours a week or more. And a lot of the fucking time that you spend away from your family, away from your loved ones, away from your passion projects, the things you really care about, a lot of that time is spent on the road, driving on clogged highways to some ugly fucking city or some dumb motherfucker who's probably a generational middle manager is gonna tell you what to do all fucking day. And you think that this world is a good place to raise children? You're fucking crazy. If you people had any fucking balls, you would stop having kids and do something about the shit situation that our culture has reached and make this world a good place to raise kids. This world is not a good place to raise kids. And it's not about crime. We need more crime. That's the fucking problem, is everyone wants to follow the fucking rules and just accept the fact that you're gonna be a generational Arby's employee. Are you fucking kidding me? Do you realize how many corporate parks there are in this country where it's just fucking mile after mile of chain restaurants and big box stores and all of the people who live in the housing units surrounding those fucking corporate parks, they were born just to work in those corporate parks. To spend all of their waking hours slaving away for a system that doesn't give a shit about them? Especially in a place like the United States where there are no fucking social programs for the mythical middle class. And even if you're fucking poor, you can hardly find any help because the system doesn't give a shit about you. And they damn sure won't give a shit about your little fucking mutant children when you have them. And most of you are being poisoned by your environment anyway. And not in like a fucking, oh, we have to go eat at McDonald's because we're so poor and, and so we're out of shape. Now you're being spiritually poisoned by your environment. You can't take the material poisons because you're spiritually poisoned. And you think you're going to be able to raise your children to have any sort of meaning in your life when you can't look in the mirror and find any meaning in your own fucking life. And you're going to have some dumbass fucking Baptist preacher tell you how to raise your kids. You're going to have some fucking goddamn rabbi tell you how to raise your kids. Pathetic. Listen, there is no reason to just continue to mindlessly produce children to prop up a system that gives them no beauty and meaning in life. If we all set aside five years, maybe not even five years to say, fuck it, let's rebel against this system and create a world that we enjoy living in. Not a world where we're just getting by. Not a world where we're just surviving, but a world where we can say, hey, you know what? It would actually be fun to have children instead of a fucking burden. Because most of you mama bears out there are. Are fucking miserable. And don't tell me you're not. You just tell yourself and all your friends that you're happy because you're keeping up appearances, but you're fucking miserable and your husbands are fucking miserable and you're not having sex and you don't have enough money and you spend all fucking year thinking in four years we're gonna vote again for another president who's gonna fix everything. We're just gonna go out there and vote. And then our children are gonna be raised in a world that's full of happiness and rainbow. We're gonna be eating that rainbow fucking stew. But it never happens, does it? No, because you're gutless and ball less and you won't stand up and do something about the bad situation that we're all in. So you know what? Organize. Organize. You wouldn't even have a fucking weekend right now if your great grandparents hadn't organized. Those dirty commies. If they hadn't organized and went out in the streets and said, screw this. We're not gonna take this abuse 15 hours 15 hours a week is what the average human worked for the vast majority of human history. 15 fucking hours. Think about that next time you drive to work and you're fucking miserable and your kids are screaming in the back and your fucking kids teachers are on your ass about how they need to be on ADHD medication. Think about that. 15 fucking hours. But you know what? Now that I think about it, most you motherfuckers wouldn't even know what to do with all of the free time that you would have if you only work 15 hours a week. You are so used to having that whip cracked at your back that you're crazy. You're moving from one place to the next. You're absorbing a ton of information constantly. You're addicted to stimuli. So you can't just sit down and be. And you can't pursue anything that would actually bring meaning into your life. Because literally everything that you've been consuming, all the popular media, all of the spiritualism you've been getting from the New age, from Christianity, from pretty much anything except for the dharmic paths, everything has been steering you towards this life, this system, life. So, yeah, you wouldn't even know what to do with the time if you had it. And that's pretty sad.