In our school, why do we utilize controversial words and symbols like Aryan or the Svastika? It is important to recognize that there is no symbol and no word that exists in the cosmos that is purely poisonous. As Tantric yogins, we do not recognize dogma, we do not recognize petty morality. We exist in a state of detachment from these illusory aspects of the cosmos. If we develop fear over words and symbols, we drastically limit recognition of the self, ability to introspect, as well as our ability to express our dharma in the active world. This does not mean that we lack sensitivity in regards to the meaning of words or the power of symbols. On the contrary, because we are not confined to dogma, we can approach every word and symbol with perfect clarity. That doesn't mean that we are going to interpret those words and symbols properly every time. But there is no haze of dogma or taboo that keeps us from exploring ideas, concepts, practices that other people may reject simply due to the fact that they have been raised to have an immediate reaction to that word or symbol. When we practice Tantric yoga, we strive to eliminate compulsive reactivity. In our current world, the vast majority of people are encouraged to embrace compulsive reactivity. And due to this fact, they are not able to effectively interact with people of other cultures, other races, other political ideologies, other religious traditions without having some kind of immediate gut reaction that causes them to not be able to understand with perfect clarity what the other person is trying to express to them. I'm not saying that they have to agree with everything that other people are trying to express to them, but they should at least strive to reduce their reactivity to those things so that they can have a sober relationship with those ideas, with those concepts, with those active expressions in the world. Now I want to talk about the word Aryan. The word Aryan is not a racist word inherently. Can it be used by racists? Yes. Has it been used to promote racist ideas? Yes, but it is not inherently racist. There are many words and symbols that have been utilized by racists, such as the Christian cross, which most people would not recognize as being a hate symbol or a racist symbol. The word Aryan is not a National Socialist word. It is a word that comes from antiquity and it refers to the people of nobility in the Eastern tradition. Notice that the concept of nobility is emphasized in this word. Not skin color, not the hereditary aspect of the people. It is nobility. Nobility is something that you strive to gain and keep. It is not something that you are simply born with. So when we say Aryan, what we are referring to is a magical tradition based in the Eastern school that has manifested in different cultural forms. Specifically within India, where the Aryan tradition was associated with polytheistic religion and Tantric yoga, where the goal was was to build a bridge to the gods and achieve divinity of the self, that is Arianism. And to be an Arian is to practice in that tradition. You cannot simply be born an Aryan. And Arianism is not confined to one skin tone, one nationality, one particular form of the Aryan pantheon. Even because you can practice Arianism and believe in the Hellenistic gods or the Indian gods or the Shinto gods. Now, why should we continue to utilize the word Aryan? We believe in Tantric yoga, that words contain power and the meaning of words is important. This is the principle of mantra. We have inherited these words through our traditions. If we are severed from our sacred words, then we are severed from our traditions. If you try to prevent us from utilizing our sacred words and symbols, you are promoting genocide against our people, our people, meaning anyone who practices this tradition that includes Indian people, Japanese people who practice Shinto, Mediterranean people who work with the Hellenistic tradition, anyone who practices the Aryan tradition. If we are not able to access our sacred words through the practice of mantra due to the misunderstanding and dogma of people who refuse to act with sober clarity in assessing the legitimacy of another person's position, another person's ideology, another person's religious tradition, then we are victims of genocide and it should be recognized as such. Now, why would we utilize a controversial symbol like the swastika or the black sun? Just as we have the tradition of mantra within Arianism, we also have the tradition of yantra. These are holy symbols, holy geometric arrangements that carry great significance to us. Just as the cross carries great significance to Christians, just as the Shotkona in the form of the Star of David carries great significance to the Jews, we must be able to utilize our holy symbols. And if you prevent us from utilizing those symbols, regardless of how they've been utilized by other people who misunderstood the nature of those symbols, regardless of your personal opinion of those symbols, you deny us a connection to our gods and you deny us a connection to our culture. You deny our very right to exist as people. And you can't expect us to just take that laying down. We are going to continue to utilize our holy symbols in the form of yantra. We are going to continue to utilize our holy words in the form of mantra. It doesn't matter what human being manifested those symbols and words. They are divine. I want to give you a stark example of this I am not a National Socialist. At one point in time I did have extreme views regarding political ideology and race, but I have rejected those. But still I recognize that the symbol of the Black sun, which was created in National Socialist Germany and is a very popular symbol now, is a legitimate symbol to utilize in the Aryan tradition. It is not an explicitly political symbol. It was never utilized as a purely political symbol. It is one cultural formation of an ancient Yantra, the Black sun. That in its form, that it took in a specific period of time within Germany that is not wholly defined by one political ideology, is still legitimate to use for people who have a magical connection to it. And just because you utilize that symbol doesn't mean that you agree with the political ideology of National Socialist Germany. It's the same thing for anyone who utilizes any symbol or word in any work of art. You have to look at context. How is that symbol being used? What is the intention of the person utilizing that symbol? What is the intention of the words that are being utilized? If you can take a sober, non dogmatic approach to assessing these things, then you can access deeper understanding of art, dharma and the way that people live their lives. And if you can do that, you will create greater conditions of peace, understanding and tranquility and in the world. And I am going to contribute to this. And the school, and everyone in this school may contribute to this by continuing to utilize our holy symbols and words, regardless of your opinion.