I reject science completely. I do not believe that science is a legitimate way to explore the cosmos. It is inherently less than tantra and it is a self defeating system. And I am going to explain why. First, let me tell you what tantra is. Tantra is a perennial tradition. And the idea of this tradition is that you explore the cosmos, that is everything in existence or everything that is conceptual, through investigation of the material. We investigate the material in order to understand things about the cosmos. Because we live in an age, the age of Shakti, where the material is the foundation of consciousness. So it is our base for exploring everything that is above the material. In terms of the chakras, this is represented by the muladhara and then the sahasra being the spirit. This is the highest point, this is the subtle point. So there are many aspects of the cosmos that are reflected through consciousness. Like I said, we have the muladhara which is the earth element or the blood body. And then we have the manipura, which represents inner fire. And this is the fire element of the cosmos. You have the Vishuddhi at the throat, which represents mind. And this is the air element. And then the sahasra at the crown, which represents water, the spirits. The elemental nature of the cosmos requires recognition of this holistic system in order to understand how these elements fit into our own manifestation of consciousness as well as the manifestation of consciousness that surrounds us. If you attempt to explore the cosmos without a recognition of the holistic nature of the elements of the cosmos, you will not have a complete picture of reality. Science fails to develop a complete picture of reality because science focuses on the mind and the body. That's it. And some forms of science don't even recognize the mind. Everything is just a product of the material body. Scientists who insist that everything is a product of material condition are determinists. They believe in materialistic determinism, okay? And this is simply a recognition of the blood body or the muladhara element of consciousness, being not just the prime element of consciousness, but the only element of consciousness. And then you have those who recognize the split between the mind and body or the interaction between the mind and body, and they recognize that these two elements are present, okay? And we utilize the mind as a vehicle to explore the body. And so then you have questions of nature versus nurture. And then you have those who take an extreme view of the mind and say that the mind is all that exists. We are just a product of imagination. We're creating a matrix around us that is of pure mind. And these individuals recognize the air element or the vishudi, as being not just prime, but the only element of consciousness in existence. Now, tantra allows us to experience directly all of these elemental processes within nature, within the cosmos. We can experience these things through practice. This is not a religious system. Tantra is not religion. It is a tradition. And it is, in fact, more scientific than science because it allows for certain variables and certain streams of information that are accessible through experience to be recognized when science rejects them outright. Because modern science, as I said, operates with the assumption of the mind and body being the prime modes of exploring the cosmos. And you do not have the element of inner fire or spirit integrated within those systems. In fact, if you find a manifestation of fire or water, the inner fire or the spirit within the framework of science, it is twisted, it is manipulated and shoved into this narrow system of mind and body. And science then comes to very contradictory conclusions about the nature of the universe, the nature of the cosmos. So Tantra is a more effective system for exploring any school of thought within the framework of modern science. And in ancient times, various scholarly pursuits such as medicine, astronomy, geography, all of these things were incorporated into Tantra. Yoga is just a subset of tantra, and yoga is the exploration of the self through the material. So Tantra allows for the holistic exploration of the cosmos with a full awareness of all of the various elements of consciousness. Science is stuck on either the body or the mind, and we live in a Vishudi age. So within the Vishudi age, there is an emphasis on the mental aspect. And that is where modern philosophy was born, with the birth of the Vishudi age. The age of the Vishudi is synonymous with modernity. So within this age, we have the rise of not just modern philosophy, but also psychology and political science. And all these various scientific practices, all of these practices have failed to describe the full nature of the cosmos, and they have failed to describe the full nature of the human experience because they are lacking access to all of the elements of consciousness. The ancients who practiced tantra in its fullest expression prior to the degeneration of material exploration in the form of modern science, the ancients understood the nature of the cosmos. They understood the nature of the human condition, and they wrote myths describing the nature of the cosmos and the human condition that are accurate depictions. Now, science has a bias towards specific methodologies which rely on assumptions, assumptions about the superiority of these methods, assumptions that are not based in experience. If you want to experience the full expression of the cosmos, you can do so through Tantra, and you can test the methods of tantra and you can see the explanatory power of tantra and how it is superior to science. Science relies on bullying people into accepting science as the rule. That is why the propaganda machine in the west is always reminding us to trust science. It's a faith based system. Now they don't want to admit that it's a faith based system because then the entire system crumbles in on itself. They're always mocking religious people for approaching the exploration of the cosmos through faith. Now I don't personally believe that the cosmos should be explored through faith alone. I think faith has its place in the human condition. But you can know the nature of the cosmos through experience. You can know the gods through experience. I know the gods through experience and I know many other people who have access to the gods through experience. Now science would tell you that's impossible. Science would tell you that. No, there's always an explanation within our framework of understanding. But then they can't tell you what the origin of that framework is. They can't tell you anything about the actual origin of the cosmos. They can't tell you anything about the real energetic nature of consciousness. And that is why schools like modern psychology have utterly failed to address the major maladjustments of consciousness which have manifested in modernity. That is why modern science has failed to give humanity any source of meaning and understanding and awareness that adds to the beauty of life. It has reduced everything to nihilism and solipsism. That is the end goal of science. It is to turn everything inward, to create a matrix that we must all accept, lest we be mocked by some peer reviewed journal. Literally the entire system of peer reviewed journals is just a way to bully people into following along with the scientific dogma. If you really want to understand the nature of the self and the cosmos, you can do so through a full exploration of the holistic self, the holistic cosmos. If you accept the dogma of science and you place all of your faith in that system, you're just cutting yourself away from half of the expression of the cosmos in spirit and inner fire, which as I said, are lacking in science. And you are accepting a degenerated and maladjusted form of of the mind and body. A sad reflection of the beauty of the ancient traditions that truly had access to the path of truth. Sam.