Contemporary sexual expression is deeply concerned, at least on a social level, with collectivizing identity and creating a degree of flexibility that allows for the development of emerging subcultures that are ultimately tied to one wider culture, which forms a lowest common denominator of what is being labeled sexual liberation. But in most instances, this is not a function on the macro scale of sexual liberation. What is occurring is the development of hyper capitalism within sexuality. Now I'm going to refer to contemporary questions of sexuality and gender identity as they are expressed in the west as spectrum sexuality, because that is the general attitude that is applied, the idea that gender identity or sexual expression exists on some form of spectrum and that you can identify subcultures within that spectrum. Now, that very well may be true. And in fact, from a Tantric perspective, we would say that sexual expression is an aspect of Dharma and it is a spectrum. Your sexuality is your own, it is an individuated expression, and it is a holistic expression. Sexuality is not just confined to the material or the conceptual. It is not just a psychological function. It is not just an emotional function. It is an aspect of the entire being. That is how we treat sexuality or gender identity from a Tantric perspective. But in the contemporary prevailing social order, this is not how sexuality is treated. It is most often treated as either a purely materialistic function of consciousness or a purely psychological function. Or there is some interplay between the material and the psychological, ultimately which is filtered through a secular lens. This is the general environment surrounding discussions of sexuality and gender. So within that environment, there is also a deep emphasis on leftist political thought. There's a split that forms, if you affirm a dogmatic expression of sexuality or gender identity, such as to say that there is only man and woman biologically affirmed at birth, or that everyone is heterosexual by birth, and that any deviation from this is disease. This is a right wing opinion, generally speaking. And then the alternative expression of a spectrum, sexuality or gender identity, is then slotted into the left, okay? And this creates division, so that it's very difficult to discuss any nuance of this subject. But within the Tantric perspective, we don't really care about the political division that's happening here, other than to analyze how it affects people, how it affects their consciousness. And one thing that is quite interesting is the fact that both the right and the left capitalize on this disagreement as to whether or not sexuality and gender should be treated as an aspect of rigid dogma or a spectrum, a spectrum that becomes its own rigid dogma. After all, what we see ultimately is the Function of the hyper capitalist Vaishya global culture, where everything is monetized and money is the ultimate foundation of most socio political action. Now, I want to speak specifically on the transgender movement and the wider expression of spectrum sexuality and gender identity, because these individuals tend to align themselves with the left. And the idea behind the left is that it's supposed to be a resistance to global capitalism. However, in most circumstances, it is just another function of that global merchant culture, the Vaishya culture, as we call it in Tantra, that is presently operating. And I'm going to explain how this functions. I want to bring your attention to the example of Thailand. Thailand is known for its heavy concentration of individuals who identify as transgender. And it is a place that is known for its medical tourism for people who go to Thailand to have gender reassignment surgery. And it is also known for its sex tourism because there is a very active sex market within Thailand. Now what's interesting is that it's likely that Thailand has always had some aspect of flexibility in sexual expression and gender expression to some degree. But what we are seeing is that tendency filtered through the lens of that global merchant society, that Vaishya culture. And so you have heavy capitalistic exploitation of individuals within Thailand. Not just transgender individuals, but men and women who represent themselves as their biological sex at birth. There's child sex trafficking. There's a lot of really brutal exploitation that occurs within Thailand. Okay? Now the reason why that's occurring is because the capitalists can get away with it. The ultimate moral dictate of the capitalist is greed. Just make money and you can justify all action around the marketplace. All right? There is no sacred component to that system unless it is framed within an Abrahamic moralistic framework, because that is the only sacred framework that is known globally. And the Abrahamic framework has done a terrible job of preventing brutal exploitation. You find brutal capitalistic exploitation everywhere in the world. And oftentimes it is justified through the Protestant work ethic. It's all based upon the advancement of Abrahamic morality. Even if it's represented in the secular form, the secular moral standards are still based upon that foundation. So what we have now is the advancement of the merchant class. There has been a collapse of the priesthood and a collapse of the Kshatriya or the warrior culture. What is left is an obsession with the marketplace. And within that marketplace you have the marketing of sex. And there is a growing interest in capitalizing upon sexuality. Now, that is not inherently bad on the surface. That can be a powerful means of expanding the capacity for dharma. Individuated expression within a culture. However, we are not directing economies towards expressions of dharma. We don't care about individuated potential and beauty. In that way, everything is based upon the idea of self determination as an economic cognitive in a machine. And so within that machine, if you want to participate in the expression of your sexuality as a means of procuring resources, there is a tendency, a deep ingrained tendency, towards brutal exploitation. And there is an incentive to apply the standards of market manipulation. And in the realm of sexuality. So how does that function in relation to the left and spectrum sexuality? Well, capitalists love to create new markets. They love to have the flexibility to just create a demand at will and be able to have a culture that they can then sell that product to. And it's better if that culture is linked to a macro expression of the social order. And the spectrum sexuality and gender identity that exists within the contemporary left is a perfect example of this, because you have all of these subcultures, they have their own flag that they can buy at their local erotic adult superstore, they have their own political figures, their own social media influencers that they can latch on to. And then they have the wider community of the sexual left. And like I said, this is supposed to be anti capitalist, and oftentimes it is depicted as anti capitalist. But it couldn't be further from that because there is a deep ingrained consumerism within that culture and that consumerism has been embraced. Why is that? Well, it's because there is no sacred sexuality within that movement. If there is an expression of sacred sexuality, it's extremely rare, it's individuated, and it's influenced by Abrahamism. So it fits well into the global superstructure. And it's easy to manipulate. It is within the interests of the capitalists to gain economic control over the sex drive of the population so that that sex drive can be manipulated and people can be funneled into specific categories that are easy to command, easy to exploit. And that's what's happening in the contemporary expression of sexuality, both on the left and on the right. Now, like I said, I'm focusing on the left because the right is quite open and vulgar in their embrace of capitalist exploitation. Unless you're talking about the far right fascists. But even they are prone to consumerist tendencies. The left, however, is supposed to know better. They're supposed to resist those consumerist urges, but they play into those urges just as strong as anyone else. And if you want to know why social media platforms are so protective of these subcultures of leftists expressing a specific sexuality or gender identity. It's because they make a lot of money off of that expression of sexuality. It's easy for them to market to those people. If you question that, if you push back against it outside of the accepted dialogue. Right, so you can, you can speak on this subject in a specific framework. Like let's say you're. Well, I'm not going to mention anyone specific, but let's say you're a talking head, right wing figure and you have an expression of sexual identity that fits into this split between the left and the right. If you're in the right wing camp, there are certain ideas, certain expressions that you're allowed to have because it plays into the capitalist exploitation game. You have something that you're selling as well. You're selling some dogmatic traditional lifestyle, traditional in quotes, because oftentimes has nothing to do with tradition and it's just an aspect of modernity. But you're selling sex as well. And you don't have to be selling onlyfans subscription or you don't have to be selling your physical body to someone to be selling sex. You can be selling neurosis to people. You can be selling shame that is couched in the idea of restraint. You can be selling religious expressions of sexuality within an Abrahamic framework. That's okay if you guide people to express their sexuality, their sexual urges, all of the prana that's linked to their sexual identity or their gender, if you direct them towards books or churches that become an outlet for that sexual expression. Because believe me, the prostitute who is having sex with 10 men in a night can have the exact same experience as the nun who has been sitting in the dark praying to Christ for 10 hours straight. They can both reach an expression of orgasm multiple times. One is directing their sexual energy in a physical sense and the other in a spiritual sense. But that energy is still being harnessed. And the game that is being played in modernity is to take that energy and direct it towards capitalist enterprise. Now, like I said, the right wing is usually very transparent in this. They are supportive of the free market system and capitalist exploitation. Of course, they wouldn't call it exploitation unless they're extremely crass. And they are becoming even more crass every day. But the left, they'll do the same thing and they'll act like they're anti capitalist, anti market, anti American, whatever title they want to assume. But the fact of the matter is they're all consumers and they are consumed by their own sexual compulsions they lack a sacred foundation or a holistic foundation for understanding the self. They have fallen for the collapse of psychology. They self diagnose, they have no foundation in the mind. They don't understand their own minds. They don't understand the physical world. They're completely malleable. And so they make the perfect targets for the vultures that control the global marketplace. So the next time you hear someone say, I'm anti capitalist, I'm going to fight the system, you need to pay attention to where their compulsions lie. Where is their sexual energy directed? Is it being picked apart by political figures and social media influencers who are making a lot of money off of the manufactured outrage that occurs between the left and the right? Chances are there is some money involved. There's a lot of money involved. And something needs to be done about this personal revolution. People taking the time to assess their own compulsions in sexuality, in gender identity. Because I want to make it very clear that in Tantra, we don't promote a good form of sexuality or a good form of gender identity. We just promote individuated dharma. But you have to go through a process of self reflection and self understanding, real brutal self analysis, before you can arrive at an understanding of your dharma and escape your compulsions. And most people have not undergone that process. Even if they think they have, they just haven't. And so that makes them subject to marketing schemes. It makes them subject to political propaganda en masse. And this message, I hope that it reaches you without filter and without censorship. But this message that I'm giving you right now is extremely dangerous to the system. Because what I'm saying is that both the left and the right are part of a con game in getting people to direct all of their sexual energy into the marketplace so that it can become an aspect of profit for those manipulating the system, as opposed to an expression of beauty that empowers the individual and others who are in the presence of the individual.