In the system of rooted consciousness, each chakra possesses an elemental nature. By understanding the elemental nature of a given chakra, one may better grasp the energetic signature of each state of consciousness. Let us examine each chakra from its elemental basis and explore how these elements relate to specific energetic traits in those individuals rooted in these chakras. Muladhara Earth the Muladhara is represented by the element of Earth. This is the grounding chakra and the seat of body, consciousness and blood. Prana. At the Muladhara we find the deepest expression of material embodiment. Those who operate from the Muladhara are often thought to be earthy people who possess a certain groundedness. Considering the nature of Earth, we find a hardened stability and simplicity, as well as a tendency to move in a slow but deliberate manner. Observing individuals rooted in the Muladhara, one may identify a tendency to bring things down to Earth, reducing one's realizations to basic form. When expressed with great intensity, the Muladhara possesses the rending quality of a massive earthquake, shaking the foundations of everything in sight and bringing towers down from their dizzying heights. In order to grow and experience new life, it is necessary for the Muladhara yogin to access the nourishing waters of spirit at the Sahasra. The Muladhara yogin must utilize the weight of the gravitational pull to bring the waters down and achieve unification. Svada Sthana Magma the Svada Sthana rests between the point of pure earth at the Muladhara and the point of pure fire at the Manipura. Combining the elements of earth and fire produces magma. There is a spark of creativity that is introduced with the combination of fire and earth, which uproots the Svadosthana yogin from a firmly grounded position. This spark, however, is not the pure creative spark of fire, but rather an injection of awareness of the quality of things. The Svada Sthana yogin bubbles up from the earth and sees the material world from a slightly elevated position while still being very much a part of the Earth element. It is for this reason that the Svada Stana yogin expresses their creative nature in a predominantly material manner, focusing primarily on the sensuous aspects of the earthly realm. The slow crawl of magma and the internal nature and dormancy of the volcano are aspects of the magma element that reflect the patience and deliberation of the Svadhisthana. This sensuous and crawling aspect can lead the Svada Sthana yogin to be exhausted by the consumptive element of fire unless the cooling mist of the Ajna can be incorporated There is an element of heat with the Svada Sthana, but it is subdued when compared to the explosiveness of the Manipura. Manipura the Manipura is the seat of pure fire. At the Manipura we find the expression of the creative force of the eternal flame. There are many ways in which the Manipura fire may be expressed. It can exist as a wildfire moving chaotically from place to place, consuming all in its wake. It can exist as a small campfire giving warmth to others while requiring careful tending. It can exist as a massive explosion akin to an atomic bomb expelling intense energy in one great burst. All of these possibilities are achieved through the alchemical relationship between the Manipura and the Vishudi. The air of the Vishudi feeds the flames of the Manipura. Too much air can stifle the flame and not enough air can lead the Manipura yogin to self consume. The wild and unpredictable nature of fire is present in Manipura consciousness. But the fire can be brought under control with the proper integration of the Vishuddhi. Anahata Electricity the Anahata is the heat which flows through the air, the electricity that possesses the power to supercharge others as well as the self. There is an electromagnetic quality to individuals rooted in the Anahata. They tend to attract others with their natural magnetism and they are able to inspire large groups of people through the flow of electricity. There is, however, the potential for the flow of electricity to become too powerful, leading to a short circuit. It is therefore important that the Anahata yogin learns how to self regulate the flow of power in order to ensure that the proper level of energy is expressed in a given situation. Vishudhi the Vishudi is the consciousness of air and the seat of the intellect. There is a quickness about the Visuddhi in that it facilitates a whirlwind of contemplation which is often expressed in an intense flow of ideas. There is a disconnect between the air intellect and the earth body. This is reflected in the fact that individuals in the Vishudi are able to disconnect easily from material reality and enter into a state of heightened imagination and internal reflection. However, the beautiful products of the imagination will remain in the clouds unless the Vishuda yogin can find their way to the earth by integrating the element of fire at the Manipura. It is the flame that draws the Vishuda yogin down and allows for material expression through creative works. Ajna Mist the Ajna rests between air and water. It is the flowing mist that obscures the earth and adds a layer of mystery to the exploration of consciousness. It is through the mist that the waters of spirit are able to be understood within the air of intellectual. Without this point, there would be a lack of communication between the spirit and the mind. Mist possesses a cooling element that remains within the air unless it can be absorbed through some expression of heat. The pure fire of the Manipura is too strong for the mist, and the earth does not offer enough heat alone. It is therefore necessary for the Ajna yogin to integrate the magma of the Svadhisthana in order to achieve solidification and expression of the spirit in material form. Sahasra Water the Sahasra is the seat of pure water. Water represents the spirit Spirit. The waters of heaven are the furthest point from the Earth. It is within the waters that we find the ultimate connection, the point of unification, a surrounding force that allows for sight and understanding on a relational level. Water can heal, but it can also drown. And spending too much time in the water will lead to death for creatures who operate from the grounded point of earth. In order to function effectively in the material world, it is necessary for the Sahasra yogin to utilize the gravitational weight of Earth to fall as rain and form the oceans and subterranean rivers of Luciferian consciousness.