Collapse of the structural integrity of orthodoxy within the Kali Yuga. And this is to be expected because the Kali Yuga is the time of the empowerment of the individual. It is an intense empowerment of individuated consciousness. In the Kali Yuga, Shakti, in her most potent expression, reigns supreme. And it has been predicted, and it has come to pass, that caste and lineage would begin to dissolve as the Kali Yuga progresses. We have seen this dissolution of both caste and lineage. It is quite obvious through observation, you cannot trust the sanctity of lineage anymore. In ancient times, you may have had a good ruler, and that ruler may have passed his good nature on to those who followed. And that lineage may continue again and again for a very long time. But every aspect of recorded history that we have that is not myth, that which is considered historical from a mundane, secular perspective, is part of the Kali Yuga. And within the Kali Yuga we see a tendency for rot to set in within lineage. Very quickly. Within one to two generations, decadence sets in. Now, even in those instances where lineage is successfully preserved. This does not mean that orthodox lineage is the most effective means of gaining power within the present Yuga. Because from a Tantric perspective, we are attempting to utilize Dharma as a means of gaining power. The line between power and dharma is very thin. And you might even say that there is no difference between dharma and power. True power is the ability of a man or a woman to understand their dharma and express it. That is one perspective that you can take, and it is the perspective that I take personally. Now, within the Kali Yuga, as I said, there is a tendency towards the empowerment of the individual. This is the age of the individual. And we associate individuation in contrast with unification. We associate individuation with the Muladhara chakra. The contrast point for the Muladhara chakra is the Sahasra chakra. You have the root and the crown. Now, within the Kali Yuga, consciousness has its foundation in the Muladhara chakra. This is why all kundalini processes begin in the muladhara and advance vertically to the Sahasra. Under those conditions, the aspect of consciousness that is most obvious, that is the foundation of experience, that is the foundation of natural processes that we all experience when we incarnate into samsara. That aspect of the muladhara is associated with the individual. It is the rending of form, the rending of order into separate form, into separate degrees of order. Instead of just God, there is God and man. And within the Kali Yuga, the distinction between God and man is blurred to such a degree that man becomes God. And that is, in fact, one of the goals of existing within the Kali Yuga is for man to become God. This is the process of achieving super consciousness, the fourth state to Raya. But we also call the Satan state to be like God, the Sat and the Tan. And within that system, considering that the individual is the seat of power and expression of consciousness, it is the individual that holds the secrets of power, not the collective, not the lineage. The lineage is only as good as the power that it brings you. And Orthodoxy is only as good as the power that it brings you. This is why vamashara, or the left hand, the heterodox practice in Tantra, is so potent within our present age, because vamashara and the left hand represents the process by which the individual empowers himself to become a God. That is the focus of Vamashara. And within Vamashara there is an emphasis on release from ideas of caste, from ideas of lineage, from all taboo. Because the orthodoxy, though it may be a bridge to greater power on the left hand path, it should not be pursued for its own sake. If your goal is to become as powerful as you can possibly be, set aside those rare examples of individuals who are born to uphold Orthodoxy with the strictest standards. That very well may be their Dharma, but that is not the Dharma of every man and woman who practices Tantra Yoga. For most of us, we seek power. We seek elevation of the self over all, lineage over all, Orthodoxy over all taboo. We seek to first escape the duality of samsara, because it is a duality that we cannot mold into our own creation. We are confined by it. But once we escape the duality of samsara and achieve transcendence in the Nirva Kalpa Samadhi, then we can operate from samadhi. And at that point, we can take all of the dualities that exist and use them, use them to gain greater power. And so it is very difficult in the present age to find a guru who is both willing and able to guide you on a path of vamashara. Such gurus have been shunned. There have been attempts to discredit them throughout history. Why is that? Because they are attempting to pull themselves out of of the social drowning pool of samsara, out from all of the traps, the pitfalls that might lead them to be consumed by the collective. Because within the Kali Yuga, though this is an age of individuated empowerment, it is also prophesied in Tantric literature that this age will see the rise of the Shudra to a place of great social power, which means that common man, the communistic tendency, will become very strong and collectivism will reign supreme. However, this is a very auspicious age for the superman, for the Nietzschean superman, because it is within this age that he may test his mettle against the madding crowd and release himself from its confinement. From that point, he may reign as a God man. He is not bound by the dictates of lineage, orthodoxy, caste or any taboo. He is a man of his own creation. This is the problem with contemporary Tantric Buddhism. There is an obsession with lineage. There is an obsession with orthodoxy and that has spread to Tantric practices within India, where yet again, we see an obsession with lineage, with orthodoxy. I see the value in lineage, orthodoxy, even taboo, whenever it is utilized as a source of empowerment. That is not the condition that we find in most incarnations of the caste system of lineage, of heritage, of taboo. And so those of us who seek personal empowerment must learn how to shrug these things off and free ourselves to truly realize our dharma.