Bhairavi is the consort of Bhairava, also referred to as Bhairav, depending upon the dialect that you're using. And Bhairavi is a very important manifestation of Shakti because she represents a specific pranic channel that we must access in order to understand the inverted nature of Shakti. By the inverted nature of shakti, I mean that Bhairavi is the spirit operating in the material. Now, this differs from the basic holistic manifestation of Shakti, which is pure materiality. In terms of the chakras, we would say that Shakti is associated with the Muladhara, the root chakra, the foundation of materiality. Bhairavi, however, is associated with the Sahasra, which is the crown chakra, the basis of spirit. Now, what makes Bhairavi so unique is that although she is rooted in the Sahasra, the place of spirit, she operates from the Muladhara, the place of materiality. So we have with Bhairavi communication between the spirit at the crown and materiality at the root. This is the occult significance of Bhairavi, the Mahavidya of the cremation grounds. Now, just as the relationship between Shakti and Shiva is very important, in order to understand the essence of Shakti, you must also recognize the significance of the relationship between Bhairavi and her consort, Bhairava. So in order to really understand the essence of Bhairava, you need need to recognize her relationship to her consort, Bhairava. Just as we recognize divine union of Shiva and Shakti, we must recognize what is the essence of the divine union of Bhairavi and Bhairava. So Bhairava is a fierce manifestation of Shiva. Rather than being rooted in the Sahasra, like Shiva, Bhairava is rooted in materiality in the Muladhara. And just as there is an inverting aspect with Bhairavi where the spirit is communicating with the material, with Bhairava, the material is communicating with the spirit. So we have a figure, a deity, Bhairava, rooted in the Muladhara, the place of blood and materiality. But he is operating from the Sahasra, the place of spirit. Now, elementally speaking, we can illustrate the relationship between Bhairava and Bhairavi by examining the materials of the cremation grounds and how they interact. Bhairava is associated with smoke. This is how he connects with Bhav. This is the smoke of marijuana, which is given in reverence to Bhairavi, and the smoke of the cremation pyres, the bodies that are burned so that the prana may be transported to the Spirit in the sky. This is also the foundation of the practice of burning incense in order to transport prana from the material world to the Sahasra and the spirit, the waters of the sky. Now, Bhairavi is associated with rain. Rain is the material formation of spirit. Water. Water represents spirit. And so when spirit takes material form and it falls to the earth, this is a representation of spiritual prana nourishing the soil or the muladhara. So here we see the communication between the Sahasra and the muladhara in the rain, in Bhairavi and in Bhairava. We have the communication between the muladhara moving up to the Sahasra with the smoke, the smoke of marijuana, the smoke of the cremation pyre, the smoke of incense. Now, what this offers us is a deeper exploration of the complexity of consciousness in the divine masculine and the divine feminine. The role of Bhairava and Bhairavi in comparison to Shiva and Shakti is inverted. So we have Bhairavi acting as the prime spirit in this relationship, touching the earth. And we have Bhairava acting as the prime materiality, bringing that material prana up to the spirit. There is also an association between Bhairavi and ants. The insect Bhairava is also associated with ants. These are the ants of the cremation grounds that transport the prana of the dead bodies into new dimensions of consciousness. So if you're working with Bhairavi, you are practicing what can be called necromancy. This is death magic. You are working with the dead. And. And one of the primary yogic practices associated with Bhairavi is the Shavasadhana, where you meditate upon a corpse. In doing so, you are able to develop an understanding and awareness of the movement of prana from the dead body to the realm of spirit. And through this, you can gain a greater understanding of how to access prana in that channel, either to nourish the physical body or to successfully transport your consciousness, your individuated expression, into a new plane after death. Now, Bhairavi, as I said, is explicitly related to the transportation of prana from the spirit to the material. In this way, if you want to feed your material body through the prana of the gods or any other being or presence outside of this dimension, you would call upon Bhairavi. She is the gatekeeper. She is the one who opens the clouds and allows the rain of spirit to fall upon the soil and nourish it. Some of my students who have practiced extensive bhakti with Bhairavi have found that in working with her, they have been able to drastically transform their body from a physical standpoint. This is not simply nourishment of the body through material means. It's not like they are eating a steak and then just gaining the material benefits of the consumption. This is drawing from prana beyond this dimension in order to bolster the strength of the muladhara and to increase the potency of the mamsadhatu, the physical structure of the body. And that is what Bhairavi represents. This is a means of gaining vitality, vigor through spiritual practice, directly connecting the spirit realm to the earth. Just as the scorpion spreads its tail around and touches the ground, Bhairavi is associated with the aghoris. This is why she is so revered in the cremation grounds. And aghore is a Sanskrit word that means beyond terrible. Now, Bhairavi is commonly associated with a terrifying presence. When you are in the presence of Bhairavi, she often takes a form that is intended specifically to scare you, and this is an initiatory aspect of her cult. You have to be able to overcome the dogma and the taboo surrounding that which is terrifying, that which is terrible, so that you can transform poison into medicine. This is the core of Aghori yoga and the practice of the aghoris. So Bhairavi is very important in this way because the principle of inversion is applied. You are turning morality on its head. You are turning social standards on their head. You are turning ideas of beauty on their head. Bhairavi, she might appear to you as a very terrifying hag, but you can see the beauty in her presence. And your perception of her nature is therefore transformed. And in developing a new perception of the nature of Bhairavi, you gain access to her gifts. This is a transformative process. Without that transformation of perception, you would not understand the nature of the pranic channel that she represents. So being able to challenge that fear, being able to challenge the preconceived notions of what is good and what is bad in a presence, is part of the bhakti that you may practice to Bhairavi. Bhairavi is, as I said, associated with death and transformation. So when you are practicing puja with Bhairavi, it's important to recognize the things that she would consider to be valuable symbols of death. For example, bones, carcasses. Also in this school, we operate through the principles of cyber tantra, which is something that we developed in order to create a digital cremation grounds, an environment where we can interact with the deities without being confined to one specific geographic region. So we have begun to experiment with new forms of Bhakti tubhairavi. One thing that we have done is we've created digital temple spaces where we include reverence to the dead or recognition of the dead in combination with mantra to Bhairavi. This allows us to bring our awareness to death, to the process of death, so that we can better understand how interacting with Bhairavi and practicing puja in a way that is relevant to her can give us access to those streams of spirit so that we may nourish ourselves with the rain, with the physical manifestation of that realm beyond the present.