Tara Ma is the mahavidya who is associated with the manipura. The Manipura chakra is the seat of inner fire in the body. Now, the manipura is associated with creation, creativity. You think about the belly, okay? The location of the manipura at the navel, the belly is the place where the infant grows inside of the mother. But when we're talking about creation and pregnancy in a tantric sense, we're not just talking about the creation of an infant human child. What we're doing is we're describing a concept that is applicable to. To all living things, not just women. Creation, pregnancy is something that is associated with the accumulation of prana, which is then expressed in the active world. By active world, I mean material existence. And so when we accumulate prana, express it creatively, whether it's in the form of a novel or a song or a political movement. What we are doing is we're experiencing esoteric pregnancy and childbirth. You can create a child in many different forms. And Tarima is directly associated with the this process of accumulating prana in the manipura and then expressing it in new life, new creation. If you observe the iconography of Dharma, you will see that in most depictions of her, her belly is extended. Why is that? It's because she is in a perpetual state, state of the esoteric pregnancy that I just described. So when you practice bhakti with Tara, what you are doing is you're accessing that state of esoteric pregnancy. This is especially important for the Aryan tradition, which is an Eastern tradition of the school of fire. That means that this tradition affirms the creative state that is life expressed through will indefinitely. And so Tara is a mahavidya that we worship in order to gain access to that Aryan fire. When we accumulate prana in the belly, in the manipura, sometimes this prana is called soma. Soma is like the nectar of the gods, and it is the way that we achieve immortality. And when I say immortality, what I mean is the state of perpetual consciousness. And as Aryans, we would want to seek perpetual, individuated existence as a God. This is the meaning of polytheism. Polytheism, many gods, everyone and everything that possesses individuated consciousness within the polytheistic tradition of Arianism can become a God. And Tara is an example of how you can utilize, harness the soma in the belly in order to achieve that state of perpetual consciousness that we associate with godhood. Now, there are certain barriers in the cosmos to being able to exist in a perpetual active state. And one of Those barriers is fear. Tara is directly associated with the experience of fear. Her abode is the battleground and the cremation ground, two places that inspire great fear and despair in most people. Now, when you experience fear, you are experiencing this emotion in the gut. But depending upon your dharmic formulation of consciousness, that fear may migrate to a different part of the body. You can actually experience this physically if you know how to identify those pranic channels. Some people, when they experience fear, they feel it in their heart. Their heart rate increases rapidly and they feel a tightness in their chest. Some people feel fear primarily in their throat, others the crown of their head, some in their belly. But all emotion that exists in the human body originates in the manipura. Now, when you experience fear, there is a potential for you to either face the fear, fight it, or flee from the fear. Retreat inward. If you cannot face your fear properly, you will find yourself in a perpetual state of stagnation. This stasis removes you from the condition of creative life. Creative life occurs when you are actively expressing your will. If you consistently remain a slave to fear, you cannot affirm that creative will. The soma that you have accumulated in your belly will remain trapped there like a child that cannot be born. That stasis leads to the end of life. And there are magical traditions on this planet that promote that condition of perpetual state, stasis through fear. One example is Christianity. Christianity attempts to place anyone within that tradition in a state of fear, fear of God. And when they experience this fear of God, they enter into that perpetual stasis which removes them from the eastern flame, which is part of the Aryan tradition. Tara is so important because she is a pathway for rebelling against any source of fear that would lead you to reject life, to reject your creative potential, to reject the expression of the soma that you have accumulated in your belly. Tara is known to directly challenge her devotees by exposing them to their worst fear. Now, this might seem cruel, but it is necessary. Because if you cannot face your worst fear head on, you cannot enjoy life to the fullest. If you cannot give up your attachment to the quantity of life, you cannot express the quality of life. Every great artist, no matter what their art is, must overcome fear in order to fully express their essence, their Dharma into the world. Tara is a mahavidya that allows you to achieve this. Now you have to understand that, like all mahavidyas, she is a great poison. And the fear that she exposes you to can destroy you. So when you approach her, you have to do it with due caution. Some of the ways that Tarah Maw may be worshiped is through ritual combat, direct exposure to situations that inspire a state of fear, and the application of meditative exercises in order to identify the source of the fear, the pranic channel of the fear, and redirect that fear into the gut so that it may be burned like fuel. Fuel. Soma. That gives us that creative power which allows us to express ourselves as gods into eternity. Tara's iconography is very important. So if you want to understand more about her, observe the images that have been created of Tarah Ma, specifically the cremation grounds. Mahavidya Tara. There are different forms of Tara in different traditions, but I'm specifically talking about the Tara of the mahavidyas. Notice that she carries a blue lotus in her hand. The blue lotus represents the Vishuddhi, which is the seat of mind at the throat. In rooted consciousness, we recognize that there is a spectrum between the Manipura and the Vishuddhi. These are adversarial states. The goal is to integrate these two so that the mind can have influence over the gut and the gut can have influence over the mind. When necessary, Tara carries her mind with her in the form of the blue lotus, which is a sign that she has integrated the mind and can utilize the mind as a weapon to control her reaction to fear and ensure that she remains in the creative state of power.