That is valuable to just about everyone, and that is the analysis of the basics of tantra. So I'm over 60 lectures in, and I've been giving them every week for God knows how long. And I just now have got to the basics of tundra. Tonight, I'm going to describe what is the essence of tantric practice. What are we really aiming for? What is the history of tantra? What is tantra, and how can you begin your practice? So if you've never heard of tantra before, if you know nothing about tantric yoga, this lecture is going to give you all of the basics that you need in order to be able to start practicing right now, today. Okay, let's get started. So, tantra. Tantra. When I say the word tantra, most people will associate the word with the sacred sexuality movement in the West. So what I mean by that is the new age has developed this practice of sex therapy that they associate with the word tantra. And most people who are attending this lecture have probably seen videos of these people attending, quote, tantric retreats where they engage in various sex therapy practices like sitting in their partner's lap and staring into their eyes or learning how to give a lingam massage or something like that. This is not tantra. It can be part of tantra, but that is not the essence of tantra. If you show someone a video of the sacred sexuality practices and you say, that is tantra, this will only introduce confusion, because tantra is not just about sex. Sex is an important part of tantra, and in fact, the practice of sex yoga, typically called methuna. We'll talk about that later. But there is far more to tantra than sex. Tantric yoga is a perennial tradition. And what do I mean by that? I mean that it is something that is outside of time. It is something that returns. It is woven into the essence of the cosmos. And so the word tantra is something that we apply in modernity in order to describe a specific condition of practice which is directed towards the assessment and manipulation of consciousness that is tantra. To take this even further, tantra is specific to our present condition. The way we perceive tantra is specific to our present condition. So while the tradition exists outside of time and is in a process of return, the way that we experience consciousness in our physical body in the present, yuga, has an influence on the way that we perceive and practice tantra. So we would say that tantra is the exploration of consciousness and willful manipulation of consciousness with a material foundation. The material element is very important because we currently live in the Kali Yuga. The Kali Yuga, which is one of the four major yugas in the Indian cosmology. And as I've noted in the past, there are equivalencies of the Kali Yuga and other traditions. It is the dark age. It is the age of the wolf. And within the Kali Yuga, material is the prime aspect of consciousness. Material. What I mean by prime aspect of consciousness? That it is the form of consciousness that is most obvious to us. We can perceive it immediately, that is the material. So, for example, your physical body is easier to perceive, generally speaking, than your subtle body. The material body is everything from the vishudi down. So everything from the mind down is an aspect of materiality. And everything from the mind up is metaphysical. The mind is metaphysical. The spirit is metaphysical. So objects within the mind that are perceived, like if you close your eyes and you see an apple, you visualize some objects. This is the metaphysical. And it is much more difficult to perceive that than to actually pick up a physical apple. So the root, the foundation of our practice within Tantric yoga is that physical apple. But that does not mean that we discount the metaphysical apple in the mind's eye. Because one of the goals of tantra is to develop holistic consciousness, unified form in consciousness. And this is symbolized in the process of kundalini. Kundalini is the rising of the serpent, the kundalini serpent, which is shakti, or pure materiality, the rising of shakti to Shiva at the crown, that is kundalini. And in this process, you take the material form, the gross material form, and you bring it to the orderly metaphysical form of spirit. You are unifying the physical body with the subtle body. That is a very important aspect of tantra. Now I'm using words like yoga and shakti and Shiva, kundalini. Clearly, all of these terms are derived from the Indian tradition. But tantra is not confined to the Indian tradition. It is a system that can be applied in any cultural context. So what's an example of this? Well, modern science. Modern science, it developed, as we understand it, it developed from Western philosophy. So you can say that the foundation of modern science is Athens in Greece, but science is not Greek, okay? It is universal. And even if we refer throughout the history of science, if we refer primarily to Europeans, that doesn't mean that science is confined to Europe. You can practice science in Japan or China or Israel or Chile. Wherever you want to practice science in the world, you can do that. And you can apply it in your specific cultural context. Let's look at architecture. Architecture. At some point, a human being constructed the first home, the first dwelling that we can regard as the birth of architecture. But architecture is not confined to one specific region. We wouldn't say that. Let's just assume the first dwelling was formed in Africa. Okay? We wouldn't say that architecture is African. We would say that there is a practice that developed. It originated in a specific region as we understand it now. And then it spread, and it gives off different cultural formations. So a dwelling that is African, traditionally African, looks quite different from a dwelling that is traditionally Japanese or American. But the principles of how to construct a dwelling are shared. The. The root practice of architecture is shared across these cultures. So it's the same with tantra. So don't confine yourself to the Indian pantheon when you're looking at the gods, when you're looking at specific practices, when you're looking at words like tantra, there are equivalent forms in other cultures. Now, perhaps the most potent expression of that stream of practice is within the Aryan tradition. This is where Tantric practices have been most effectively preserved. So, for example, within India, but also in the Tibetan Buddhist tradition, throughout China, Japan, in Europe, throughout European witchcraft, the Germanic tradition, Hellenistic tradition, all of these traditions have aspects of tantra within them, and they all take on an Aryan character. So if you go to Japan and you experience Shingon Buddhism, Shingon Buddhism is an esoteric form of Buddhism that is rooted in the Tantric practices of India, which advanced from the Indo Aryan tradition. So all of the things that were influenced by Shingon Buddhism within Japan are integrating aspects of tantra. And the more familiar you become with the principles of tantra, and the more you practice tantra, the easier it will be for you to identify the presence of Tantric practice within a given culture. Now, tonight, we're just dealing with the basics of Tantric yoga. So there's far more to explore than what I'm describing in this lecture. But like I said, this will give you a stable foundation to begin practicing tonight, if you wish. So, just to recap, tantra is a system that is perennial. It is not tied to any one geographic location. It is not tied to any one specific pantheon. The way that we perceive these practices is influenced by our manifestation of consciousness because we take material form in the Kali Yuga, and the practice deals with exploration and manipulation of consciousness from a willful place. Also, there is the holistic aspect of unification within yoga. Yoga means union. Yoga also can be translated as magic. So Tantric yoga is a magical tradition, and magic in this sense refers to the willful manipulation of consciousness. There is a lot to explore in regards to what is the nature of consciousness? What is the nature of the will? How can these things be manipulated? And we're going to just touch upon those things briefly to give you enough of an understanding so that you can start practicing consciousness. When we describe consciousness within Tantra, what we are referring to is everything that is perceived, everything that is not perceived, everything that exists within the cosmos itself, all is a form of consciousness. Everything is consciousness. So this consciousness takes on different expressions. For example, you have consciousness of the mind, you have consciousness of the material body, you have consciousness of creativity in the manipura or the gut, and you have consciousness of spirit. All of these things, all of these expressions, mind, spirit, the physical body, the gut, the will, these things are present in everything to some degree, in a varying balance. These elements, these aspects of consciousness, are present within everything. So this is where Tantra can be contrasted with modern science, because modern science has a different conception of what constitutes consciousness. Within the universe, consciousness is typically defined as what is experienced in the waking state. This is consciousness. And then there's even degrees of subconsciousness that are described. But consciousness is not dependent upon awareness. Okay? Consciousness can be present without awareness. And within Tantra, we recognize that all of these elements, all of the building blocks of consciousness, are present, as I said, in all things. So what does that look like? What we perceive as life, the expression of life. It is heavily influenced by our personal bias as human beings experiencing human consciousness. But trees, Most would agree that trees are alive, plant life, right? But we don't perceive trees to express life in the same way that we express life. So that aspect of life, it is occulted with the tree. It is not as obvious, not as gross in its expression. Now, let's look at a rock. Just a rock. Okay. Most people would not say that a rock has any aspect of mind or. Or spirit or will at all, or emotional, creative expression. But that is because our awareness is drawn to the aspect of consciousness within the object. That is a rock that is most potently expressed, most obvious to perceive. And for a solid rock, that aspect of consciousness is materiality. That is what we would associate with the Muladhara Chakra. That is why the element of earth is associated with the Muladhara. So a solid rock, it presents itself primarily as a physical construct. But within Tantra, we argue that the rock has will. It has an aspect of mind, it has an aspect of spirit. It can have shared experience. It continues to exist as an aspect of will. It has some expression of the metaphysical grounding within it, which we would consider the mind. Now, it's difficult to perceive what that would look like because it is so far away from the human experience of consciousness. But all of the building blocks of life as we know it are present in everything that surrounds us. Life on this planet likely began in a primordial soup, what is essentially rock, water. And we wouldn't perceive the life that developed within that materiality to be anything close to what we experience as elements of mind and will and spirit. But nevertheless, all of those things are present. And maybe to you, a being of greater complexity would perceive you to not possess anything close to the expression of mind or spirit or will or emotions. It might be able to perceive your materiality very simply. But once again, that is because we exist in an age where materiality is the foundation of consciousness. And so it is most easy to perceive. So that is the expression of consciousness that we recognize in Tantra. And that's the difference, major difference between tantra and science. You could call Tantra a science, but it is not associated with modern science, because modern science does not take such a holistic perspective on consciousness. So where did this perspective come from within Tantra as we know it today? It came through practice, experimentation. Yogins have practiced Tantra for a very long time. The foundations of what we know as Tantra goes back to the Keshin tradition, which started in what is now Iran and Afghanistan. And we have references to this Keshan tradition in the Rig Veda. Now, this wandering ascetic practice, the idea of detaching yourself from materiality so that you can explore other aspects of consciousness that are metaphysical and understand them and integrate them, that has been practiced for a very long time. And it's arguable what example of this practice is most ancient within the world. But it really doesn't matter. The fact of the matter is that these practices are very old. They are older than any established religion that we know of. So it's important to understand that Tantra is not Hinduism, Tantra is not Buddhism, Tantra is not Germanic paganism. It's not Christianity, it's not Judaism, it's not Islam, it's not any of these things. It is a system that you can apply in a religious context or in a non religious context. There are many ways that you can integrate Tantra and you do not have to confine yourself to something like Hinduism. So if you are on YouTube and you see a Tantric from India speak on Tantra, it's likely that he will have a strong cultural bias towards the Indian tradition. And he might even say, oh, no, if you want to practice Tantra properly, you must come to India and you must visit a guru. And this, we would say within Tantra, is don't dogma. This is a dogmatic, taboo, orthodox approach that prevents us from exploring consciousness in the most effective manner. So it is just a barrier of access into these practices. Now, my approach with this school has been to bring the practice of Tantra to the entire world as a perennial tradition, not as something that is confined to India. I practice with Indian deities. I practice with Indian terminology. I also practice with Tibetan Buddhist terminology and deities. I also practice with Japanese terminology and deities and Germanic. I practice with many different things. I explore, I experiment. That's what works for me because I am seeking my dharma. My dharma. Now, your Dharma is another very important aspect of Tantra that you need to understand as part of the basics. So dharma is, for lack of a better word in a material translation, the nature of a given thing. Now, nature implies the organic world and the material world which is associated with shakti. But Dharma also contains the metaphysical. You can say that it is the nature and nurture aspect of an individual. And there are certain aspects of Dharma that are set and aspects that change. So you can consider Dharma to be that which you were born with and that which you aspire to become. And within Tantra, our goal is to express Dharma, to identify it and then express it. How do we do this? Well, we have to understand the self in all of its forms. We have to understand consciousness in as much variety as we possibly can. The more that we explore consciousness, the better the grasp we will have on the nature of Dharma. And Dharma is a tricky thing because Dharma is expressed by all things, all things. And there is an aspect of Dharma that is drawn towards oneness and unification, which is the perspective that is given by those who say that there is one God, one God, God the Father, who is the ultimate God, that is a dharmic, that is a. An expression of Dharma that is linked to monotheism. So some people have that expression of Dharma, and they are drawn to unifying with nothingness in what they perceive to be God the Father. And there are others who express Dharma in a polytheistic form. And the most extreme form of polytheism is the recognition that everything is divine. So what is a God at that point? Well, a God is whatever you choose to recognize as a God. And ultimately, if you practice vamashara, which is the left hand tantra Your goal is to self generate as God form, to recognize yourself as God, to recognize your spine as the pillar of consciousness, the pillar of the universe. This is the Satan state or the fourth state consciousness, super consciousness, the Ubermensch, the God Man. You can also recognize other things as being divine or possessing this God form. And the God form is that which you worship. If you worship something, it becomes God to you. And you can have one God or you can have many gods. Ultimately, if you are able to worship the self as a God, then you can achieve great power in Vamashara on the Left Hand Path. Or in contrast to this, if you choose to worship one. Pointedness, nothingness, dissolution into the collapse of all forms. If you choose to be a monotheist, then that is your God and there can be no other God. You cannot be God. You can just be in the dream of God. You can just be an aspect of God that is absorbed into the greater whole. So this we would associate with the orthodoxy of Dakshinashara, or the Right Hand Path. Now, interestingly enough, within Tantra, if your goal is to practice Vamashara or the Left Hand Path, it is recommended that you begin with Dakshinashara or the Right Hand Path. This is the path initiation that allows you to detach from materiality most effectively so that you can overcome the self or the ego, whatever you want to call it, overcome the soul expression and achieve transcendence. That is the primary goal of the first stage of Tantric Yoga, to reach this recognition of God consciousness in oneness. For some people, the Mahasamadhi, the release from the physical body, leads to death, immediate death. There are people who practice Kundalini Yoga when they bring Shakti to Shiva. If they have proper conviction and their conscious awareness is drawn to oneness, to the clear light, they will die, they will leave, and they will join the Godhead formation. But for others, this is a process of rebirth where you can experience a living death. And so that is one of the goals of Tantric Yoga, to experience a living death and then advance on the path of Vamashara, or the Left Hand, if that is your Dharma. So because we're discussing the basics of Tantra, it is important to describe the basics of Dakshinashara and Vamashara. As I've stated already, Dakshinashara is directed towards that transcendent experience. And for some, that is the entirety of the experience. For others, it is just a purifying process so that you may begin Bamashara improper. You must have emptiness within you before you can embrace desirous attachment, because otherwise desirous attachment becomes compulsion, and you are destroyed by it. You will dissolve as a result of it. But if desirous attachment can become an aspect of indulgence, it can be a great source of power. And that's what we strive for within vamashara. So, basics of Dakshinashara. If you are just beginning to practice tantra, you want to, generally speaking, consider yourself to be a practitioner of dakshinashara. So what this means is that you must recognize that you are in a state of compulsion. The material world binds you. It confines you. It controls you. We refer to this as samsara. Samsara is the manifestation of the material world where we experience true suffering. True suffering. So when we attempt to release ourselves from this true suffering, in Samsara, we are practicing dakshinashara. Now, the assumption is that for most spiritual practitioners, the assumption is that samsara must be escaped by leaving this place entirely. And everything in this world is just pure evil and bad and nothing that we can possibly enjoy. But that is not the perspective of tantra. The perspective of tantra is that everything we experience must be purified. It must be transformed into nectar or medicine. And this is the process of transforming poison into medicine. Within Tantric Buddhism, there's something called the nectar pill, for example. The nectar pill. So this can actually be a physical thing. Traditionally, you combine feces and urine and blood and semen and pus and all of these things that might inspire some level of revulsion into a pot, and you cook it. And if it's done by a master, you can render a nectar pill from this concoction. And this pill is transformed poison into medicine. All right? But don't just take a nectar pill from anybody, because there are people who try to create nectar pills from these raw ingredients, and they don't know how to do it. And so the pill is deeply poisonous. But the pill is also a metaphysical thing. It refers to the process of purifying your mind so that you escape true suffering. Now, what do I mean by true suffering? True suffering is a word in tantra that is used to describe compulsion, or it's a phrase that's used to describe compulsion so you can experience pain without experiencing true suffering. The suffering comes from compulsive attachment. Okay? So what we are trying to do within Tantric yoga is reach a point where we are released from compulsion. And so when we come back and we purify our mind and we experience the material world, the suffering that we experience is not true suffering. Because we have access to emptiness, we have access to transcendence. We can purify, excuse me, we can purify all experience of Samsara so that we're not existing in confinement of Samsara any longer. In Tantric Buddhism, they would call this existing within a pure land. In the Indian tradition, we could say that you are on Mount Kailash, you've reached the peak of transcendence, and now you're existing in a state of samadhi that allows you to indulge in the material world. And that's what Vamashara is all about. Vamashara tantra is about existing in the material world with limited compulsion so that you do not experience true suffering. If you have a foundation of emptiness, then you can experience desire as attachment eternally. And there are many forms of this. For example, in the Vajrayogini Tantra, we have the aspect of the pure land of Dakiniland, where you transform into a 16 year old, a 16 year old with eternal life, where you will not experience sickness and anything that you desire will manifest in front of you immediately. That's just one form of purified consciousness. And the idea is that you can experience Dakini land now while you are alive. And you can also prepare your body through Karma, Yoga and other forms of yoga to enter into Dakini land after death. And there are many Pure Lands that you can enter into. Within the Tantric tradition are many realms that you can enter into. There is Sparga, there is Patala, there is Nirvana, there's the Clear Land or the Pure Land of Dakiniland. There is Valhalla, there is Folkvanger. There are all of these different realms that we can understand as a heaven, we can understand as a hell. We can understand it as whatever we want to understand it as, because ultimately our relationship to those lands is dependent upon our Dharma. So you must understand when you begin the practice of Tantra, that ultimately you're trying to set your consciousness in relation to the external world in a manner that empowers you and brings you to your Dharma. And so, as I said, the quickest way to do this is through Dakshinashara. Dakshinashara is the manner in which you begin to release yourself from attachment to Maya, to Samsara and build a bridge to that transcendent experience that gives you emptiness and allows for self, generation and completion. So how do you do this? Well, asceticism is one of the orthodox aspects of, of Dakshinashara. So you start by stripping away Your material compulsions. If you, for example, are compelled by alcohol, you begin to practice yogic methods for releasing yourself from that compulsion. If you are addicted to social media, if you're addicted to exercise, if you're addicted to prayer, if you're addicted to reading books, whatever it may be, whatever compels you and binds you to samsara, you must re examine that and you must apply principles of practice in order to overcome those things. And there are many practices, many methods, many forms of yoga that you can utilize in order to accomplish this. So how do you begin to practice Dakshina Shara? In order for you to be able to overcome compulsion and attachment, you have to know that it exists. You have to know where it's at. And we utilize the chakras in order to begin to explore this process. So every chakra has an associated consciousness form that we can see internally and externally. And we can utilize meditative exercise in order to access those chakras and explore what is present, explore the compulsions that exist within and without. Now, the exercise that I give to almost every student that I take on, the first exercise I give, and I've taught this exercise to many, many people, is trataka. You can do this tonight. Basic trataka. How do you practice trataka? It's very simple. You take an object, preferably a candle. You are going to set that object in front of you and you're going to stare at it. Now, if you have a candle flame, you're going to light the candle and you're going to stare at the flame. And when you stare at this object, you're not going to try to push any thoughts away. You're not going to try to push any thoughts towards you. You're not going to try to push any sensation away or emotions or anything like that. That's one point in this. For this practice, you're going to take a kriya approach of just letting things flow. If something disturbs you, let it be. Don't push it away. Don't pull it towards you. If something entices you, just let it be. Don't push it away. Don't pull it towards you. Just stare at the candle flame. Just stare at it. You can blink. It's okay to blink. Watch the candle flame. After some time, you're going to close your eyes. When you close your eyes, don't try to visualize the candle or the flame or anything else. Whatever images come to you, let them come to you. And if they leave, let them leave. You are acting Passively, you're acting in a masculine form. You're taking on the nature of Shiva at this point, as we would say the divine, masculine, the father. So in this passivity, what are you doing? You're denying control from Maya. You're denying control from Shakti. You're denying control from Samsara, from anything that is part of that. So you're denying control from the experiential world. You're denying control from those things that exist within you that would drive you to a specific behavior, that undermines your power, that takes you away from your dharma. You're denying control. You're going to watch the flame, close your eyes. You're going to observe whatever comes to you. Then you're going to open your eyes. Now, when you refuse to react to thoughts and emotions and sensations in your body and aspects of spirit that come to you during Shataka, when you refuse to react, you are building your resilience. You are making yourself non reactive to those things that compel you. So you're building the foundation for effective yoga with this simple exercise. That's all you have to do. Now. There's many things that you can add to this practice. Many, many things. And it gets far more complex than that. But I'm telling you, you can start right now. You can go get a candle flame. If you don't have a candle, you can put a dot on the wall. You can put a little statue in front of you, anything you want. You can even stare at a blank wall if you'd like to do that. But put something in front of you. The reason why we use a candle flame, by the way, is because it creates an afterglow effect when you close your eyes. And, and that's a material manifestation. And when we start to see images in the immaterial, in the metaphysical, if you can contrast the afterglow, which is a physical phenomenon, with the other images that are generated in the mind's eye or the third eye, you can start to recognize the difference between materiality and immateriality, between the physical and the metaphysical. So that's important. That's very important for your practice. So Tantric yoga begins with this process of reducing the amount of reactivity in your life if you practice this every day. And consistency is key because you're reprogramming yourself now. Okay, up until this point, before you've started practicing Tantric yoga, the world has been programming you. Now it's time for you to tell the world to step back and take control. And you start to program Yourself. You start to willfully manipulate your own consciousness. You start to explore your own consciousness. You make up your mind for yourself through experimentation and experience. That's what we do with Tantra. And within Dakshinashara, the ultimate goal is to induce ego death. Induce ego death. I'll do a whole lecture on ego death someday. But put it simply, ego death is the point where you experience detachment from the physical experience entirely and you have a profound moment of unification with all things. That's ego death. And then ultimately you come back. You come back into your anchor in the anahata. And if you want to know more about all of these subjects that I'm discussing here in greater detail, there is an entire lecture series on the Ride the Tiger Yoga Patreon that deals with the Right Hand Path. With Dakshinashara, I think it's eight lectures, so it's almost eight hours long, or something like that lecture series that goes in depth with Dakshina Shara as it relates to the chakras and in preparation. So if you want to know more about that, you can go on to the Ride the Tiger Yoga Patreon and access the lecture archive. But Dakshinashara is where we begin with tantra. It is the basic form of the orthodox tantra. Now, once you've completed that, you go into the vamashara. And vamashara means that you're coming back from releasing yourself. You've taught yourself to say no to everything. No, no, no, no, no. I will not be controlled by Maya. I will not be controlled by Samsara. I have accessed emptiness, and I know where it's at, and I can keep it with me and I never forget it. That's the key. You don't know you've had a proper ego death until you can always access emptiness. If you don't have consistent access to emptiness, then you need to work harder on your asceticism. You need to work harder on your detachment. But if you have constant access to that emptiness, and that's when you can begin to explore desirous attachment and indulgence. And the desirous attachment can come in many forms. So, for example, sex. Sex within tantric yoga is called methuna. And methuna is the enjoyments of sex or the use of sex to achieve a specific goal within yoga. So in some traditions, like a gore, you, you actually would integrate methuna into your Dakshinashara practice by detaching from the experience of sex, engaging in sex, and then saying no to the experience. This is where Something like semen retention comes from at the highest levels of semen retention practice, you actually engage in sex, but you do not bring yourself to orgasm. Or if you do bring yourself to orgasm, you do not expel the semen. And that is the roots of the semen retention practices that you see all over the Internet now. But anyway, when we're talking about Vamashara, you can integrate things like sex, which is a great poison, alcohol, drugs, meat, violence. Violence is a big thing that is frowned upon by most practitioners of yoga. But when you realize what violence is, you'll know that there's a whole category of yoga called hatha yoga, which is violence yoga, which includes things like asana, asana practice, which is another important basic. But this is the key. You are focusing on self generation, self realization, and seeing yourself as God in your world. And in Vamashara. That's vamashara tantra and the pure land that you visualize, the subtle space form that you visualize and imprint upon the ordinary world. That is the goal of the karma that you accumulate. And karma is just action and reaction. So if I draw my awareness to the Christian heaven, my whole life, I can expect to receive that upon death and rebirth, if I focus my awareness to pure Dakini land for my entire life, I can expect to receive that. If I construct my own land with my consort, where we go to McDonald's as many times as we want, every day for eternity, and we live as 30 year olds forever or whatever, I can do that, I can formulate that karmically. But this whole thing is a process of understanding the implication of action and reaction, responding to it appropriately. So notice in this talk I haven't discussed methods too much. I haven't really gone into asana, for example. And there's a reason for that. I'm talking about the basics of tantra. And one of the big problems when assessing tantra or yoga is being drawn too much into practice in terms of methodology and the theoretical aspects of practice. Instead of seeing that tantra is it's a lifestyle, it's a system that becomes a lifestyle and everything that you do becomes tantric. Whenever you can fully integrate the understanding of tantra, the highest tantra, yoga means that you've integrated yoga into your entire life. So everything, right now I'm practicing yoga, but by delivering this lecture, when I go to bed tonight, when I sleep, I'll be practicing yoga. When I eat, when I do anything, I'm practicing yoga, I'm practicing tantra, I am a tantric and There is no division between the time that I spend practicing tantra and the rest of my life. It is integrated into my entire life. And this is what it means to integrate meditation into your entire life. Meditation is a state of being. It is not a specific practice. Anything can be a bridge to meditation, but the ultimate goal is to be within a state of meditation permanently. Permanently. And so right now, in the beginning, if you plan to practice Tantric yoga, you have to recognize that everything you do from now on must be seen through a yogic lens. Must be seen through a tantric lens. Everything. And if you can do that, you will gain the nectar of tantra. You will gain the nectar. But you have to take that approach, because otherwise you could be practicing asana all day long. You could be going to a yoga studio three times a week and practicing an hour of asana, but you're not practicing yoga. You think you're practicing yoga, but you haven't begun the basic process of exploring consciousness and willfully manipulating it. You're trapped in samsara, you're trapped in maya. You don't understand dharma. You don't understand the process of dakshinashara or vamishara, because you're too trapped in the methodology. So you have to understand how to detach from that aspect and really get yourself into the essence. The basics of tantra yoga, which is what I have given you tonight. Now, like I said, if you want to take this further, if you want to understand more, if you want to understand initiation, if you want to understand the aspects of a guru or deities or any of these other forms, we have a massive library of materials. So many lectures, written materials. We have videos on this YouTube channel. We have all of the public written materials on Patreon. We have yoga nidra videos that you can use. We have all the materials, we have the lectures. But none of that is going to matter if you can't see your entire life yogically. If you can't see your entire life as tantra, you have to do that. Otherwise you will not have the key of understanding. And ultimately, if I could say, there's one thing that you really need to grasp in the beginning of your practice, it is that tantra is a key to understanding. That is what it is, ultimately. And if you have that key, you can interpret myth from civilizations all over the world. You can read the energy and other people inside of yourself in the natural world, in the metaphysical, you can see things with greater clarity, greater understanding, and greater awareness. But it requires you to take the step the step to start practicing to get into it right now, and you can do that tonight, and I hope you do.