Foreign. Here I am relaxing in my Yoga Easy chair, which is inspired by my favorite obese guru, Sri Dharma Karya. And tonight I'm going to talk about something that is really important to understanding the nature of the age that we're living in and the place that we may want to go to or we may think we want to go to. So there's this really common idea within modern esoteric circles or popular New Age circles. And it's this idea that we are currently living in the Dark Age, which is known as the Kali Yuga, or I refer to it as the Kali Yuga. But the idea is that we're living in this age and it's the worst age that you could possibly live in. And we must advance to the Satya Yuga, which is often referred to as the Golden Age. Now the question is, where did that idea come from? Did it come from Tantric sources? Did it come from directly from Sanatana Dharma? We're speaking about the Yuga cycle. So the foundation is in Sanatana Dharma and the deities that are associated with these cycles and the myths that are associated with these cycles develop from a Tantric influence within Sanatana Dharma. But the specific idea that the Kali Yuga is the Dark Age and that the Satya Yuga represents the Golden Age, that comes from the work of Julius Evola. Evola took Hesiod's system of the golden and the Silver, the Bronze, the Iron Age, and he applied it to the Yuga system. He was, Evola was, was a perennialist and a traditionalist. So the idea is that he was searching for shared tradition within European and Northern Asian spiritual systems. And so he believed that Hesiod's system was comparable to the Yuga system. Now, superficially, you could make that comparison. The problem is ranking ages as golden, silver, Bronze and iron. What you're doing is you're applying a qualitative standard that is based upon a hierarchy where the Golden Age is inherently superior to the Silver Age, which is superior to the Bronze and the Iron. If you take this concept of the ages and you apply it to the Yuga system and you have now totally muddied the system and you've misinterpreted the nature of the Yuga cycle. The Yuga cycle, as it's presented in the original texts was presented as a non dualistic system. So in this perception of non dualism, what we're specifically talking about is a ranking of quality. So the idea that the Satya Yuga is preferable to the Kali Yuga is an idea that is really foreign to the original interpretation of the Yugas. Now, some people will point to the fact that these texts do say that the Kali Yuga is the worst age. But the thing is, you have to remember that those texts are written from specific orientation, specific schools within yoga tradition. So the idea is that the people who develop those texts are writing from their bias. Okay? So if the school that is writing that text or the specific yogi that's writing that text, or the seer or whoever is oriented towards transcendence or the Right Hand Path, then they are going to prefer the the Satya Yuga. And so they are going to say that the Satya Yuga is the greatest of ages. But that does not mean that that age is inherently superior. There is no such thing as an inherent superiority of a given age within a yogic or tantric system or within Sanatana Dharma, because those systems are non dualistic. They are beyond the concept of good and evil. They are Nietzschean in that sense. So what you have to do, if you really want to understand the nature of the ages, you have to read those texts first from the bias that's presented by the specific school or the specific thought that's being placed within that text. It's really a form of bhakti. When someone writes a transcendently oriented text, they're practicing bhakti. When someone writes a transcendently oriented text, they're practicing bhakti to Vishnu or Shiva or another transcendently oriented deity. But if you approach the text from an alternative position, a position of immanence, and you're practicing bhakti on shakti or mahakali, then what you do is you take that text that was written from the transcendent perspective, you flip it upside down and you read it backwards. And then you'll start to understand the deeper meaning behind the text. That is the whole idea of the Left Hand path. It's the path of inversion. And it is a very difficult path to walk because it requires you to first understand the transcendent position and then turn it on its head. It's the idea of turning poison into food that is the ultimate magic of the Left Hand Path. Now, the problem that we have reached in modernity is the idea that the current age that we're living in, which I believe is the age of shakti, the Kali Yuga, the ultimate expression of immanence, of material being, that it is somehow an inherently evil age or an adharmic age, and that it must be destroyed and we must advance to the Satya Yuga, or the Golden Age, as it's often referred to. This is a problem because most of the people who promote the idea of advancing to the Satchi Yuga don't really know what they're promoting. For one, they are working off of Evola's model of understanding. And Evola was Vishnu oriented, and he was totally obsessed with transcendence. He rejected Shakti, even if he wrote text about Tantra, yoga and the Left Hand Path, but he did not understand the Left Hand Path. He wrote this through the perception of transcendence, pure transcendence. And so his interpretation is influencing the understanding of what it means to be in the Kali Yuga and what it means to move towards the Satya Yuga. See, when you're moving towards the Satya Yuga, you're not moving towards the Golden Age. You're not moving towards an inherently superior age. What you're doing is you're moving away from immanence, that is the divine in the material. And you are approaching transcendence, pure transcendence. Within the major Satya Yuga, there is a hierarchical element to the Yuga cycle, but it's not as Evolo presents it. There are major Yugas and there are minor Yugas. And currently we are within the major Kali Yuga. And the minor Yuga, the nature of the minor Yuga is colored by the major Yuga that we're in. So if we're in the major of Kali Yuga, which is represented by the aspects of Kali creation and destruction, which is why I refer to it as the Kali Yuga. And there's a deeper. There is a deeper interpretation of that that I will be posting on the Patreon soon in an essay. I don't have time in this video to fully explain it, but essentially this age is representative of the core aspects of Kali. It is very creative and very destructive. And so you have this differentiated beauty within the cosmos. You have great suffering, but also great pleasure. The Satya Yuga, the nature of the Satya Yuga is a lack of differentiation. It is a return to oneness. It is monism. It is the idea that we are all advancing towards a reintegration with God. And so the idea within that system is that all of this differentiated beauty, which includes your skin color, your height and weight, your name, everything, the color of the sky, the trees, everything around you that you see, that you understand as a differentiated creation, that is the Kali Yuga, that is the nature of the Kali Yuga. It is differentiated form in the material world. When you talk about advancing towards the Satya Yuga, what you're talking about is eliminating all of this and returning to the void. That is what a return to the major Satya Yuga would be. It would be like Nirvana or a return of the clear light, and you would lose your ego entirely. Everything that makes you an individual being would be totally destroyed. It would be dissolved. That is the nature of Shiva. After all, he is the destroyer. In a return to a minor Satya Yuga, what you're doing is you are once again, we're in a major Kali Yuga. So everything is material. But if you're returning to a minor Satya Yuga, what you're doing is you're eliminating as much differentiation as you possibly can within a material age. And so that would be represented by the philosophy of someone like Ram Dass. And most of the people who seem to be on the right who are promoting this idea of a return of the golden age, they want hierarchy, they want differentiated beauty, they want blood and violence and war and sex and everything that is heroic in life. But they think that those things are associated with the Satya Yuga. They are not. They are purely associated with the Kali Yuga. And so next time you see someone say, we need to return to the golden age of the Satya Yuga, just stop and recognize that that is an idea that developed through Evola. It is a transcendently oriented idea, and it has nothing to do with the type of hierarchical, beautiful expression of heroic life that most people who claim to support a return to the golden age want to achieve.