Foreign. There is a lot of confusion regarding the nature of Kundalini Yoga. In this video I want to clarify what Kundalini is and how you can practice it. Kundalini in our contemporary culture is often presented as specific practices, specific exercises which are integrated into a wider yoga practice in order to achieve, achieve some end in reality. Kundalini is much more than that. It's not specific exercises or specific methods really. It's more like an all encompassing, conscious approach to yoga. If you are practicing Kundalini properly, everything that you do is part of the practice. And I mean everything. Because what kundalini is essentially is a forceful, willful exploration of consciousness and the cultivation of serpent power. That is an essential element that, that is deeply misunderstood. So we'll begin by assessing what I mean when I say that it is an all encompassing system, an all encompassing conscious approach to yoga. When you are practicing kundalini, you are taking the elements of the self and you are dividing them and you are assessing those elements through the lens of the chakra system. The chakra system. Within the system, each chakra represents a specific expression of consciousness. We all possess certain elements of each of the chakras, although we are each rooted in, in one chakra form, one form of consciousness which is our dominant style, you could say, or dominant character of consciousness. And in order to become a fully realized being, it is necessary for us to achieve unification. Unification in Viagra yoga means the exploration of individual elements of the self so that those elements can be reintegrated into a whole. And what was once considered an internal contradiction in consciousness is no longer seen as a contradiction. It is instead seen as a full expression of one individual ego, one individual being, the self. Kundalini is a very specific conscious approach to achieving this unification. Now, as far as serpent power is concerned, the kundalini, the serpent is shakti energy. It is material expression and it is an expression of individual will. When you access serpent power, you are allowing the character of Shakti to rise through your being and permeate the self. And so what you are doing is you are embracing your individual consciousness, your individual expression. Now this is something that is deeply misunderstood in contemporary yoga practice because at its core, Kundalini is a left hand path practice. You do not practice Kundalini in order to achieve pure transcendence. You do practice it in order to achieve liberation. But there's a difference. To orient yourself towards pure transcendence is to reject individual consciousness. It is placing yourself in alignment with oneness and rejecting all form. The only way to Effectively do that in a predominantly material age is to either treat all material form as the same element, which is the practice that is embraced by the Aghoris, or to reject all expression of individual consciousness outright, which is something that is practiced by hardline Jains. See, I have no respect for someone who claims to be oriented towards oneness and a return to God, who does not then take either the Aghori approach or the hardline Jane approach. If you really believe in expressing return to oneness, you should either treat everything as if it is one element or you should simply meditate until you die. Otherwise, what are you doing? If you speak, you're expressing individual form. If you have a thought towards individuated consciousness, you are expressing individual form. You are affirming your ego if you do those things. Certainly any individual who is oriented towards transcendence should not be practicing Kundalini Yoga. Kundalini is the ultimate affirmation of the ego. It is the idea that I am exploring the self fully, I am understanding every element and I am doing so so that I can take serpent power and use it to express my will to the greatest ability that I possess. So if you are interested in Kundalini Yoga, you must understand that it is a very powerful practice. It is a dangerous practice because when you are exploring consciousness, you can fall into many traps of adharmic behavior. Especially in a culture that promotes adharmic behavior consistently. Though the guru system is broken in modernity, it is important to recognize the value of finding teachers who can at least give you a proper understanding of what you are practicing and guide you towards a proper cultivation of the spirit. Whenever you are exploring Kundalini, it is also important that you have someone who is outside of yourself in order to give you a means of reflecting upon your current consciousness. Because it's very easy to trick yourself whenever you are practicing Kundalini. When I practiced Kundalini, it was under very strange circumstances and I did not practice Kundalini with the aid of a teacher and it was very dangerous and I fell into every single trap you can fall into. I was stuck in Vichidi consciousness for a very long time and that was absolutely miserable for me because it is not my home consciousness and I was doing this practice in a very adharmic way. Thankfully, though, I was able to make my way through the process. But I do highly recommend that if you want to practice Kundalini, find a teacher who understands the true nature of the practice and refer to them on questions of adharmic versus dharmic practice. That is not to say, however, that you should simply abandon your will to a teacher. A good teacher will open doors for you, but they will not hold your hand as you walk through. You have to take those steps on your own. That is how you cultivate the will. That is how you access serpent power. That is the true nature of Kundalini Yoga.