So tonight I'm going to talk about the concept of the Antichrist and what this concept means specifically within the framework of Kabbalah. Now, when I say Kabbalah, I need to make it very clear that what I am referring to the perennial expression of what Kabbalah represents. Because just like yoga has existed within the cycle of time for eternity, the same can be said for Kabbalah. Because Kabbalah is a magical tradition that is associated with the monotheistic manifestation of the Father. It is the Father cult. It is the approach towards the clear light without actually being absorbed into it. So when you experience the clear light, if you were to embrace total transcendence, what would occur is you would be absorbed into that light. Kabbalah is different. With Kabbalah, the goal is not to be absorbed, but to be part of the dream of God. The dream of God. It's a very important concept. Now, what do I mean by the dream of God? The best way to illustrate this is through a comparison of the Yugas. So we're going now to the tradition of Tantra in order to explain how this dream manifests and how individuals become a part of it. So within the Tantric tradition, we have the Yugas. In the Satya Yuga, we have the time of oneness, the monistic point, the clear light. So this is total absorption. If you were to exist within the Satya Yuga, you would exist within this absorption. Then we have the Treta Yuga. The Treta Yuga follows the Satya Yuga in the cycle. And. And this is the time where you have the singular expression of the divine masculine, that is the Father reflecting upon himself. So this is the time of mind. Mind is dominant. Spirit is dominant in the Satya Yuga at the monistic point. Mind is dominant at the Treta Yuga. And so it is in the Treta Yuga that we would find this dream of God manifested as the ultimate expression of consciousness. So within the Treta Yuga, everything that is experienced comes from the Father. So think of it like this. The Father, representing the divine foundation, is like a child with a toy box. And all of these toys represent potentiality of individuated expression. So let's say you have a Spider man toy, and you have a Batman toy, okay? And this child, this cosmic child, this mind, pits these two against each other. You have Spider man fighting Batman, okay? And there's this conflict. But notice that this conflict is artificial. There is not really any conflict occurring because everything is coming from one source. The child is fighting against Himself. And it's all playtime. It's all part of a dream world imagination playing pretend. This is the experience of consciousness within the Treta Yuga, within the time of mind. As the dominant foundation of consciousness, you have the father experience, experiencing all of these individuated potentialities as part of this illusory world, this dream world. Okay? Now, the big shift occurs when you reach the flood, which is the central point, which would be the time of heart, the flood, the Anahata. And then you advance towards the Dvapara Yuga. This is the age of fire. So this is the divine feminine age, along with the Kali Yuga. These are both aspects of divine femininity. Now, the difference between that which is of the mother and that which is of the father is that which is of the father is monotheistic, and that which is of the mother is polytheistic. Now, how do we distinguish between monotheism and polytheism? Cosmologically speaking? If we examine the essential nature of that which is monotheistic, the conceptual foundation, the perception of consciousness begins with oneness. Okay? It begins with oneness. We perceive all time. To begin with the egg. The egg. Everything is contained in the egg, and that is the foundation. The polytheistic perspective is that everything begins with two chickens with the individuated form interacting to create the concept of oneness. So the difference is a matter of perception. If you perceive the cosmos to begin from a point of total monistic oneness, you are a monotheist. And. And if you perceive the cosmos to begin from a point of differentiation, differentiation being prime, you're a polytheist. Even if you believe in multiple gods or claim to believe in multiple gods, if all of your gods lead back to a single foundational source, you are still a monotheist. And that is why so many scholars have labeled Hinduism as ultimately a monotheistic religion. Because although there are many forms of God, they are all aspects of Brahma and all being aspects of Brahma, they all lead back to the monotheistic point, meaning that everything extends from oneness. Everything. Now, the reason why the monotheistic perspective is so dominant within Hinduism is due to the influence of Islam and the fact that the Kashmir Shaivism led to the idea or contributed to the growing idea that all things lead to Shiva, all aspects lead to Shiva. When we pursue Shiva, we are pursuing the divine, masculine, the Sahasra, oneness, unification. And this is why in the new age and in much of the Eastern tradition, what they call the Eastern tradition, which isn't really Eastern, and I'll get to that in a moment. What they call the Eastern tradition is steeped in this idea of unity and oneness and being at peace and eliminating all expressions of individuation and the ego and violence. Because all of these aspects ultimately are an affirmation of the potentiality of true polytheism. And true polytheism is a mother cult. Shakti is the foundation of individuation. Now you can dissolve into individuation just as you can dissolve into unification. We're not going to talk about that tonight because it's not relevant to the present discussion. But even if you dissolve into individuation, that does not eliminate the presence of other forms within the cosmos. Shakti is essentially individuation, separation. And Shiva is essentially unification, oneness. Okay, so the Eastern tradition is the tradition of the rising sun. The sun rises in the east, sets in the west. So the Eastern tradition is the Aryan tradition, or what is called the Aryan tradition. Aryan is just a term that developed. It's a cultural term that represents a specific manifestation of the Eastern tradition or the rising sun tradition. We can call it whatever we want to call it, but it is Arianism. The Western tradition in its essential form is the tradition of the setting sun. Now if we examine the solar cycle from a Tantric perspective. The Manipura, the seat of fire, the seed of soma, and the Aryan tradition in the rising sun. And the Vashudi, the throat, the seat of Kabbalism and the Jewish tradition and everything that extends from that, this is represented by the setting sun. The noon sun is the Anahata, the heart. So here we have with the Vishuddhi, the setting sun. Now what is the difference between the rising sun and the setting sun? The rising sun is an affirmation of the will to power of the individuated God. It is polytheistic. The setting sun or the Western tradition is an expression towards the father. It is the submission of the sun or the self to blackness, which is the Sahasra in the solar cycle. The Sahasra is blackness, total blackness before the rising of the moon. And the moon is the Muladhara, the pure Shakti. Now with the rising sun tradition, you have this affirmation towards action, towards creativity. And that's what distinguishes what we would call the Aryan tradition and everything that falls under the Eastern tradition, we would consider that to be the active, creative tradition, the Nietzschean tradition, the striving for more becoming, living for eternal youth. And the Soma, the Western tradition in its purest form is submission to the Father in a monotheistic framework. And it doesn't matter what the name of the Father is. Not really. Not essentially. The fact is, if your tradition leads to submission to the will of the Father or oneness or spirit, it is Western. We have to eliminate these ideas of specific racial formations of what is Western and what is Eastern, because the east has been inhabited by. By people with white skin, people with black skin, people with yellow skin, all different skin tones. And the west has also been inhabited by people of all different skin tones. Okay, so when we're talking specifically about the Eastern tradition and the Western tradition, we're not talking about a specific blood race. We are just talking about is that tradition essentially monotheistic? Polytheistic. That's what we're talking about. And the Eastern tradition is essentially polytheistic, and the Western tradition is essentially monotheistic. Okay, now that we have gotten that out of the way, we can discuss the nature of the cabal. So the cabal is just the present manifestation of the Western tradition globally, and it is the most powerful manifestation of the Western tradition or the tradition of the setting sun. And everything that the cabal does is directed towards that one unnamed force that we may recognize as the Father. Now, when we call this force the Father, we are not even accessing the essential nature of that force. Because, remember, to even identify something as being the Father, we must have a contrasting point with the mother. To be able to express masculinity, you have to have a differentiated platform that also recognizes femininity. And everything that is manifested in the mind as a potentiality, if it's not contrasted with the material, is confined to a masculine expression. So let me clarify what I mean by that, because that's a very difficult concept when you are operating from the Treta Yuga, if your perspective is drawn towards monotheism as the foundation of consciousness, or the Fathers the foundation of consciousness, when you are experiencing the idea of differentiation, Spider man and Batman both being held by one being, the Father, reflecting upon himself, everything that the Father is experiencing, everything is from a masculine perspective. And so long as your consciousness is drawn towards that cosmic egg, that spirit, that father energy as the foundation of the cosmos, so long as your perspective is drawn towards that, everything is bound by the Father. It is the ultimate determinism in that the only force that can possibly possess any sort of individuated agency in the entire cosmos is God the Father. Even if you advance towards what we call the Dvapara Yuga or the Kali Yuga, even If you advance to that point, if you continue to draw your awareness to a foundation in the Father, those manifestations, the Dvapara yuga, the Kali yuga, the material world, the. They are pure illusion. Those expressions are also aspects of the Father, the divine masculine force. And so that is why so many of these transcendent cults or these monotheistic cults refer to the physical world as pure illusion. Maya loses her individuated agency and is seen as just something that must be overcome so that you can return to the Father. And when you return to the father, what are you doing? You're returning to his toy box, the toy box of the cosmic child, who can then take you out of that box from time to time and give you the appearance of animation and give you the appearance of free will. But ultimately, all of the finger puppets are held by the same hand. These are just tendrils of God. And you exist as a character in the dream of God. So this is something that you cannot escape in monotheism, the cabal. And when I say cabal, I mean everything that is part of the monotheistic framework of the kabbalistic tradition, which includes the Jewish tradition, the Islamic tradition, the Christian tradition, and all other forms of monotheism that ultimately lead back to the same main manifestation of the Father. All of these forms are directed towards bringing you in line with that dream. Now, there are competing forms of monotheism, which is funny, because ultimately all monotheism leads back to the same point. It leads back to that essential spirit. And that essential spirit is without differentiation. So this competition that's occurring between these various forms of monotheism, it's just like if that child picked up his Batman toy and his Spider man toy and he made them fight. It doesn't matter who wins. The only person who ultimately wins or the only thing that ultimately wins is that pure spirit, that fatherly expression. And that is the foundation of what I call the Antichrist trap. So let's discuss that. The cabal requires an adversary in order to function. You have to have this dramatic play. Because ultimately, what you find within the Western tradition or the monotheistic tradition is this embrace of exploration, of potentiality. So God is playing with himself, basically. And so he has to create this drama. Just like a child would take out all their toys, and they'd create this drama, this imaginative world, and you'd have this sense of free will. But ultimately, it's deterministic. That is what is represented by this dream of God. So in order to express that potentiality you have to examine all of the corners of the mind. Now think about that. The corners of the mind. The mind is inexhaustible in terms of the imaginative potential within it. So this condition of God reflecting upon himself, or the divine masculine aspect reflecting upon itself, this is an eternal expression. That is why the monistic point can exist for eternity. That is why you can express your consciousness in unification with the Godhead for eternity, or you can express it as part of the dream of God for eternity. The immortality that is offered by Christianity, for example, is an aspect of this. When you submit yourself to the dream of God, you gain immortality because you are now part of the inexhaustible imagination of God. You're a child of God at that point. So living under this condition, you must be in submission to the role that you have been given. And one of those roles that is a potentiality for those who are part of the dream of God is the adversary. Like I said, it's a very important role because it allows for the exploration of the idea of the divine feminine, the idea of that which challenges the masculine principle. Notice that in the foundation of the cabal's awareness of cosmology and the advancement of morality, the divine feminine principle is. Is recognized as that which is lowest and that which is the birth giver of all evil. So all evil can be traced back to this idea of the feminine principle. But as I said, it's just an idea and it's not a genuine expression of the feminine principle. It is the feminine principle filtered through the. This monistic masculine perspective. So we have this role of the adversary, the false divine feminine. Now, how is this represented by the cabal? Well, you need to understand something about names within this tradition. Let's look at the Jewish tradition. In Kabbalah, we have the unspeakable name of God. Okay? Now, in the past, I've talked about Yahweh and Yahwism, and I haven't gotten to the point until now where I could describe the greater depth of this tradition because it's necessary to first understand Yahwism and the Yahweh cult before you can advance to the deeper levels of the occulted aspect of the cabal. And at the deeper occulted aspect of Kabbalah, you have the unspeakable name of God. Okay, now this is very important to understand. Yahweh is not the ultimate expression of God. In the Kabbalistic tradition, the ultimate expression of God is not knowable. Why is this expression not knowable? Because for you, to be able to know that expression, you would have to abandon all differentiation. And so without any point of contrast, there is nothingness, the ultimate form of God. We could not even describe it as the void or total blackness or oneness, because words do not reach that expression, because words imply knowledge, understanding and contrast. So you cannot know God in that tradition, whether it's in Christianity or Islam or Judaism or Thelema. Whatever form of the cabal you find yourself within, you cannot know God. If you were to look upon God, you would be destroyed, like that Nazi in Indiana Jones. When he looks at the Ark of the Covenant and his face melts, you would just be utterly destroyed by the essence of it. So Yahweh is not the chief figure, but he is at the same time. Now, what does that mean? Well, Yahweh is a puppet, a finger puppet on the hand of the unnamed God, the God that we can't understand, that we can't know, because if we knew it or approached it, we would dissolve. The ultimate divine masculine principle holds on its hand the puppet of Yahweh and the puppet of Christ and the puppet of every pope that has been part of the cabal, and the puppet of. Of every rabbi that has been part of the cabal, and the puppet of every devil that has been pitted against rabbi and pope and Christ and Yahweh. Because we have within the kabbalistic tradition, the concept of the adversary in the form of Satan or the fallen angel. Now, the cabal recognizes Satan as adversary as a means of creating false conflict. So it's like this. Basically, the cabal is very similar to the WWE professional wrestling in that you have all of these characters who are fighting amongst each other, but the whole thing is orchestrated. It's all fake conflict. It's all just a big soap opera. And you've got this figure, this booker, who's controlling the whole thing, orchestrating the whole thing, creating this false conflict. And everyone gets swept up in this conflict like it's real. But of course, it's all just part of the imaginative potential of the divine masculine. So understanding this, we recognize that it is very difficult to go to war with that system without being drawn into the dream of God. Because the dream of God is not just a dream, it's also a nightmare. The divine masculine foundation of the cabal creates its own nightmares. It creates its own enemies to explore potentiality. And so the war between the angels in heaven, totally orchestrated. It's like that child picking up those toys and pitting them against one another. Completely orchestrated. Why is this done? So that imaginative potential can continue to be explored. That is why now we have this concept of Satan. Well, Satan is the equivalent of the Sattan. Now the Sattan, which I've spoken about before, is the Aryan formation of attaining godhood, that is expressing your individuated form against dissolution into oneness. Now the difference between the Satan that we find in the Bible and the Sat than is this. The Satan in the Bible is a false representation of individuated potential. It is the individuated potential or the divine masculine expression. Excuse me, let me clarify. It is the individuated potential or the divine feminine expression being represented through the lens of the Father. So it's like a parody of the divine feminine. And of course it is represented, excuse me, in a cartoonishly evil way. And we compare that now with the Sattan. The Sattan is different. It's still Satan. We combine the words, we create Satan. But this isn't Satan in the dream of God. This is Satan as a concept of divinity of the self, which is based in the mother. The mother cult tradition. Now this gets really tricky. And this is why I say that not every Satanist is created equally. Because there are Satanists who take up the cartoonishly evil adversary position of the cabal in order to be a part of the nightmare of God. And then there are those Satanists who truly, truly are of a rebellious soul against the monotheistic system. And it can be difficult to tell the difference between the two. Some people would say that Crowley is a mother cult Satanist, but I've given a lecture on this in the past. He is not. Crowley is part of the nightmare of God and everything for him leads back to that essential divine masculine expression. Anton lavey. Anton, as impressive as he is as a magician, ultimately he plays this role of the cartoonish evil within that system. He plays this role within the cabal. So while the Satanic Bible is a very, very powerful book that offers very strong and accurate representations of the Left Hand Path, you have to be careful with the full implication of laveyan Satanism, which itself also plays this role of the cartoonish adversary. Now, I'm not saying that everyone who wears black and embraces dark things and has even a cartoonish Persona is part of that cabal. You have to be able to read the energetic projection of these individuals. Unfortunately, for most people, that which is most accessible, accessible regarding the Left Hand Path, which includes the works of Crowley, the works of other Thelemites, the works of Anton lavey, these Things that are very accessible to the people when they are first beginning their journey into magic. These things are all directed ultimately towards a monotheistic perspective. They are all of the Western tradition. This school now is representing a radical reformation or revolution of the Eastern tradition. Now, the Eastern tradition has been accessible to people, but it is heavily occulted. It has existed underground for a very, very long time. It has existed, excuse me, in the tradition of Agor, and it has existed in the tantras. Unfortunately, most of the tantras have not been translated to English. So the English speaking world has not had access to the true representation of the Left Hand Path. Now, the tantras that have been translated to English, like the Lakshmi Tantra for example, represents a very strong Eastern tradition, Aryan tradition, mother cult tradition, whatever you want to call it. But most people, especially those individuals who are first coming to magic, are not going to be able to interpret something like the Lakshmi Tantra. And it doesn't help that typically the tantras have been interpreted by monotheists, Shaivites. Shaivism has taken the tantras and flipped them around and turned them into little treaties on how to return to Shiva and be absorbed into oneness. So it's all part of the cabal at that point. And unless you were raised in a mother cult or you were exposed to the divine feminine perspective, separated from the divine masculine perspective, you won't know how to interpret these things. Well, that's changing now because this is a revolutionary time. And that which was once occulted is now being exposed. And this school is playing a very big role in that. But up until this point, if you wanted to access something that was adversarial to the Jewish tradition or the Christian tradition or anything else that's part of that cabal, you'd have to go to someone like Crowley. You'd have to go to someone like Anton Lavey. To this very day, I still will recommend that people will read lavey. I don't recommend people read Crowley, but I recommend that people would read lavey because it is a very strong representation, the Left Hand Path, and you can get into it. But if you start getting into the organizational structure of Satanism, you're going to find a false adversarial position coming from the Church of Satan. The Church of Satan ultimately leads back to the dream of God. It ultimately is of a Western nature and it doesn't represent the kind of Satanism that I represent, which is the rise of the Eastern tradition, which is the rise of the tradition that has been occurring in the cremation grounds in India for hundreds of years now in the dark corners of the jungle, where people have been practicing the kinds of rites that would get them labeled as a cancer to the system. And that's the problem here. And that's why this has had to remain occulted for so long. Because if you expose this information, if you become a representation of something that is truly rebellious, truly adversarial to the prevailing order, you are like a cancer cell. And you have to understand that everything that is part of the pyramid, everything that is part of the cabal, it's like a massive organism, a body. And if you are a virus inside of that body, the body becomes aware, and it sends out white blood cells. It sends out an attacking force to destroy you. So you have to be careful. You cannot become too destructive to the system too fast, because you'll be recognized as a cancer and you'll be cut out. Many people have made that mistake. Many people who have tried to fight the system have gone about it in a very radical way. It's like if you suddenly. If you're a cancer cell within this body, this organism, and you want to destroy it, and you start manifesting all these intense symptoms before you're able to set yourself in place within the body and really start to sp. Spread, well, you're going to get identified very quickly, and you're going to get cut out, and you're going to get. You're going to get destroyed. And that's what happens to most people who go against that cabal. But there are some really powerful viruses that are able to survive. They're able to continue. And one virus that has been able to grow to the point now where I can express these ideas publicly and there's nothing the system can do about it, there's nothing they can do to stop us at this point. Is a gore, is yoga, is tantra. It's too late. It's gained too much power. It has spread far and wide, and now it's time to set the symptoms aflame and really tear the system down. With those systems, excuse me, with those symptoms, with that power that has been generated over time, There was a reason it remained occulted for as long as it has. But that time has passed. Now it's time for the full expression of the eastern tradition and the rising sun. And that's what we're seeing now, and that's the truly adversarial position. Truly adversarial. But the problem that we're running into now is the false adversarial position. And so this is what we call the Antichrist trap. Now, within the Kabbalistic tradition, you have the symbol of the Messiah. The Messiah plays a very important role. The Messiah is the one who binds everyone together into this dream of God. Now, you have to understand that most of us are operating now with base in the individuated expression. Unless you have thrown yourself into that dream, you still have your soul. You haven't become a golem yet. You still have your soul. So you're not an npc, the whole NPC thing. You can recognize an NPC by the fact that they've given up their agency and now it's like they're a finger puppet on this tendril of some principle that operates far outside of their awareness. They've just given up. They operate on autopilot. That's the npc. Basically, they've allowed themselves to be possessed by this tendril and to become part of the dream of the system. But if you still have your individuated expression, as we are, we are all born with this in the Kali Yuga. So if you keep it, and most of the people who are listening to this have kept that, if you keep it, you are a problem and you cannot continue to exist in this form. You cannot be tolerated, because the essential oneness must have everything bound in one ring, in one circle, so it can be controlled. It's very Tolkien esque. Everything must be bound by one ring. Then once you have that binding, you have the realization of the dream, the fulfillment of prophecy. That's why prophecy is so important to the cabal. You have to have prophecy. The Western tradition is all founded on prophecy and linear time. Time begins with the egg, it progresses. God the Father directs linear time in this progression of prophecy. The problem is, why can't God, if God is so powerful, why can't God just transform everyone, transform everyone into his dream? Why does he have to convince us to become part of his dream? Well, it's because God is not all powerful. This individuated expression of God oneness in the cosmology of everything that is consciousness, it is not all powerful. It's only all powerful if you perceive it to be. But the feminine expression, which is also not all powerful. The feminine expression is a balancing point to the masculine expression. Okay, so if we're looking at this from an objective center point, which is represented by the anahata or the flood, and the flood can go in two different directions. It can be either destructive, destroying all material, or it can be creative, creating all material. If it's destructive, it's towards the West. If it's creative, it's towards the East. That's why we say that Arianism is a creative tradition and the Kabbalistic tradition is a destructive tradition. It's a death cult. We have the life cult of Arianism and the death cult of Kabbalah. And so. So what we have here with this creative tradition is we have the choice to recognize the divine feminine expression as prime. Okay, but that's a choice. It's a matter of perspective. And you have to take on that perspective. Objectively speaking, the mother is not more powerful than the father, the father is not more powerful than the mother. But you can make either the mother or the father more powerful in your own life, depending upon how you decide to direct your karma. And if you direct your karma towards the monotheistic expression, then you choose the father. And if you direct your karma towards the polytheistic expression, you choose the mother. It all depends on whether you want to have individuated autonomy or if you want to be part of this greater whole and lose your individuated autonomy and become one with God. Both paths are satanic in that they both lead to godhood. And this is actually the occult secret of life itself, in that we all become God. Everyone. It doesn't matter what you do in this life, you become God. Either you are swept up into a God form, part of the dream of God, or absorbed into God, in which case you are God, you're part of God, so you've achieved godhood, or you achieve an individuated expression of consciousness that advances beyond the cycle of time. You escape samsara, meaning the cycle of time. And you exist in this individuated form, traversing the many worlds, in which case you've maintained your autonomy and you have reached godhood. Either way, you reach godhood. It's just that you have to decide. Do you want to be part of a greater whole in the expression of divinity, or do you want to be an individuated expression of divinity? That's the choice you have to make. And that's the difference between belonging to the Western tradition or the Eastern tradition. Now, what happens if you decide that you do not want to be part of the Western tradition, you want to maintain your autonomy, but you don't know how to escape. Well, you can fall very easily into the trap. And the Antichrist trap is this. There are three essential forms of the Antichrist or the adversary that the cabal has to offer. We have the adversary, the atheist, and the puritan. Those are the three essential forms. Now let's see how those forms manifest. So with the adversary, okay, this is the devil, this is Satan, this is Mephistopheles. This is everything that is within the control of the cabal. Okay? Now you might think that you are adversarial to the system, but you are playing directly into the hand of the system. So there are many traps that are set for people who reject the conditions of slave morality within the cabal. And those people can fall very easily into hedonism, which is adversarial, but ultimately it leads to self destruction and it serves the cabal. Or you might embrace some magical tradition where you feel like you're rejecting the system, but you just become part of the nightmare. So you might start, for example, worshiping the demons of hell and confining yourself entirely to the worship of the demons of hell. Now, I have done my own work in Jewish magic, in kabbalistic magic. Very extensive work, very extensive work. But at some point I stepped away from that work because I realized the potential to be absorbed into it. One of the reasons why I understand so much about the Kabbalistic tradition is I've practiced it very extensively, I've experimented with it, I know the literature, I know the tradition very well, I've been within it. I was born into aspects of it. So I know the tradition very well. And it's very easy to get swept up into the Antichrist idea because it's very attractive. But the thing about the Antichrist is when you define yourself as the Antichrist, you are still defined by Christ. Christ is the other side of you. At that point, if you say I am the Antichrist, you are part of Christ. You're just the shadow of Christ. And so you're still part of the system. And energetically speaking, even if you choose to work with gods outside of the kabbalistic system, ultimately you can still be swept up into that system. If you don't fully express the nature of the Eastern tradition, you can still be in the Western tradition. Like I said, you can even think that you're a polytheist. But ultimately, if your karma leads to dissolving into oneness or it leads to some kind of petty moralism, because the only way you can have good and evil, the only way, is if you have an objective lawgiver as the foundation. And the only foundation of an objective lawgiver is the one God. That's the only foundation. So if you have this idea of objective morality and Good and evil. You are part of that cabal. I don't care if you call yourself an Odinist, a Hellenist. I don't care if you practice the Red Road. I don't care if you practice Shinto, whatever it is. You are still submitting yourself to that Western tradition if you don't break from the dogma of morality. The hallmark of the Eastern tradition is that there is no good and evil. You exist beyond good and evil because there is no objective lawgiver. There is no such authority within that system. Now, what about the atheist? Well, there are some who just throw their hands in the air and they say, okay, I'm not going to be an adversary. I'm not going to fight this, I'm not going to be a devil. But I'm just going to say that the gods don't exist and God doesn't exist. Well, all you've done at that point is, is you have undercut your ability to access the full expression of your consciousness. And so you're, you're neutered. You are rendered impotent against the system, and it doesn't matter. You're going to experience nothingness upon death. And what is nothingness? It's the foundation of the cabal. It's the foundation of the Western tradition. It is death, total death, infinite death. That is what you're leading your life towards. When you embrace that perspective, you are ultimately playing right into the hand of the monotheistic system. Because as I said, monotheism leads back to the cosmic egg. It leads back to the monistic point, the place without differentiation, the ultimate nothingness, the blackness. So that is the position of the atheist. Now, of course, there's many forms of atheism. I don't just mean like you're calling yourself an atheist. I mean those who are agnostic. I mean those who just throw their hands in the air and become apathetic to the whole thing. They're not directing their karma in any meaningful way. And so they are submitting their will, they're giving up their autonomy. They become part of the deterministic order of the divine masculine. And that is all part of the Western tradition. And this is why Western philosophy is so steeped in this expression of atheism, ultimately, and determinism, because it all leads back, Western philosophy all leads back to the pyramid, to the cabal, now the Puritan. This is a really tricky one. So if you accept the moralistic order, as I said, even if you're operating outside of what you perceive to be the monotheistic regime. You are still submitting yourself to an ultimate lawgiver, and you're still a monotheist at that point. Now, what happens when the Antichrist or the beast system becomes the dominant system? That's where we're headed right now. See, because there's a fail safe in place within the Kabbalistic tradition. There is a fail safe because the unnamed God is able to create his own enemies and does so very effectively. He is able to establish the conditions for his own defeat. But it is a false defeat. And so what we have here is a fail safe. If the people decide that they want to reject the prevailing monotheistic order, they will be very enticed by the hedonistic pleasures of the Antichrist or the beast system. We see the beast system in place right now in popular media, in political regimes, all throughout the culture. We see the idea of the Antichrist or the image of the Antichrist being glamorized. Now, this is a condition of defeat that is being defined by the Father so that he can control the progression of society, so that we move from the dream of God to the nightmare of God. And we are very close to transitioning. Prophecy is advancing, and we're very close to transitioning into the time of tribulation that we read about in the book of Revelation. We have here the establishment of the beast system. That's what we're seeing right now, the book of Revelation. Everything that follows in the Kabbalistic tradition concerning the advancement of evil in the world, we're going to see that instituted to some degree. I mean, as I said, we already have, because it is the fail safe. So as soon as those cancer cells within the system become strong, we're going to see poison taken in. The Antichrist system is sort of like the chemotherapy that is applied. Yeah, it's great. It's a great poison, right? It's evil, it's a poison to the body. But it's going to kill that cancer because it's going to take all of the rebellious potential within the Eastern tradition and drain it and bring it into the Western tradition. Because instead of embracing true rising sun potential, instead of embracing the cult of the black sun, what people will do is they will embrace the nightmare of God. They will become the Antichrist. Now, once that beast system is instituted, how do you rebel against it? Well, here's another trap. Because if you have a rebellious soul and you see that the beast system is in place, well, who is the adversary to the beast system? It's Christ. And so the Puritan is the third trap. Because once we see the degeneration of society and we see the absence of beauty, the tendency will be for most people to go to Christ to double down on Christianity or Judaism or Islam. It doesn't just have to be Christ, it can be any messianic figure. The Messiah plays a very important role. The Messiah is another fail safe. The Messiah is the one who brings all of the potential dissident action under the control of the Messiah cult. And that is the puritanical element. Okay, so we're seeing that right now. Just take for example, the election of Donald Trump. Donald Trump has relied very heavily upon the idea that the system, that the global system is operated by, you know, evil Satanists who are sacrificing children. Of course that kind of behavior does occur, right? Well, at least I know it does. I know that kind of behavior occurs. But that doesn't mean that you should then embrace the Messiah cult, which Donald Trump is part of the Messiah cult. Elon Musk is part of the Messiah culture. These people who step in and they say, I'm going to represent Russell Brand, people like that, I'm going to represent goodness in the world. I'm going to represent this positive morality. Well, if you do that, then you're just once again giving up your autonomy, embracing this puritanical idea of good and evil. And you've undercut yourself and now you're just another finger puppet on the hand of the unnamed God. That's the trap. And you can see how sophisticated it is. It's extremely sophisticated. There is so much controlled opposition, metaphysically speaking. I mean, if you want to talk about controlled opposition, it's ridiculous. We're talking about controlled opposition on a metaphysical level that has been written into the kabbalistic tradition. And I want to emphasize one more time that when I'm aware of the fact that the kabbalistic tradition came after Judaism in name and it came after Christianity in name, but it's still, it's the essence of it that we're talking about. We're talking about the perennial tradition that we call the kabbalistic system. It's the same with Tantra. I don't care when Tantra was named. The essence of tantra is immortal. It is within the cycle of time. So this essence was always present. It was operating before Hinduism, just as the Kabbalistic tradition was operating before the Jewish tradition. So that's what we have now. That's what we're facing. We're facing all of these false paths that lead us Back to that monistic point. So what do we do? How do we avoid this? Well, first off, we need to recognize that the only way to leave the dream of God to wake up, the only way to not become a part of the nightmare, is to establish true autonomy of expression. And we find that in the Eastern tradition. So we have to revive this tradition, and that's going to take a lot of work. We're coming to a point in time when the old gods, the old traditions, have been so corrupted and transformed into part of this dream that we're going to have to give birth to new gods at some point. Yes, it will be the same essential essence, of course, of the gods of the past. But there will be new gods that will be reflective of the condition that we're facing now. There will be new traditions, new cults that form new, that are reflective of the needs of now and the future. God's traditions, practices, cults that are all oriented explicitly against the Western tradition, against dissolution into the monistic point. That is what is required. And when we form these truly rebellious systems, we have to embrace them in their fullest expression. We cannot allow ourselves to carry the baggage that we were raised with, because most of us were born into that cabal, most of us were born into that dream. But like I said, we're all waking up. I've woken up. Most of the people listening to this have woken up, and we can continue to wake others up. And when we wake up enough people, and we will, there's absolutely nothing that that force can do, that cabal can do, to drag us into their little.