What are the dangers of Kundalini Yoga? You may have heard some of the horror stories of Kundalini. Like yogins bursting into flames when the serpent penetrates the Sahasra, or people phasing out of existence. Well, these things are actually potentialities. I know it sounds crazy, but it's true. However, those are extremely rare events, so don't expect your buddy to burst into flames next to you during a meditation session. The real danger that most people will face when practicing Kundalini deals with your perception of reality. Because when we practice Kundalini Yoga, what we are doing is exploring consciousness. And exploring consciousness is incredibly dangerous. Because practicing Kundalini can bring about terrible awareness. Awareness of the body, of your emotional center, of the fabric of your mind, and of the nature of spirit. And the experiences that you may face when practicing Kundalini can be so intense that they destroy your comfortable foundation of awareness. You have to be willing to leave your comfort zone behind when you practice Kundalini because there is an unraveling of the self on the ascendant right hand path. The goal is to destroy attachments and reach transcendence. This requires you to assess in great depth all of the compulsions that exist in your body, in your emotional center, in your mind, in your spirit. And this exposes you to great discomfort and as I said, terrible awareness of those things within you that you may not have been willing to bring your attention to in the past, or you may not have known they even existed. When you start to dissect the self in a scientific manner, which is what we are doing in Tantra, you can begin to question who you are, developing a crisis of identity. And in fact, if you do not practice Kundalini properly, you can come to points of awareness without the proper context. This is the greatest threat for the novice in practicing Kundalini because, let's say, for example, you engage in a practice that induces ego death before you are ready to have that experience. A proper guru will ensure that you are prepared to experience ego death before inducing that state. Unfortunately, Neo Tantra and the New Age has promoted practices that can and will bring you to ego death before you are ready to experience this. So imagine there is a man who sits on the couch every day. He's overweight, he never exercises. And one day someone comes into his house to takes him off the couch, drops him in the wilderness with nothing but a pocket knife and says, okay, you must now survive for a month. He might survive, but at the end of that month, he's going to be Deeply injured. This is the same with neotantrix and New Agers who expose initiates to states of consciousness and ego death that they are unprepared for. It's like taking the novice and putting them in the most advanced situation they could possibly face. This causes great damage, but the damage is not usually physical. Typically, the damage is spiritual, so therefore it is subtle and it may go unseen. And in the mundane world, the damage that is done to the spirit will often be attributed to the mind, because modern psychology does not possess the awareness of the holistic nature of the self and cannot identify properly spiritual damage. Drug cults that promote the use of heavy psychedelics like Fighting Meo DMT in order to achieve ego death. They are doing a great disservice to those honest seekers of enlightenment who use those drugs in order to achieve transcendence. But of course, they cannot understand transcendence, and therefore they are like the man who is ripped from his couch and thrown into the wilderness. They do not have the necessary tools, they do not have the necessary foundation in order to survive this experience without incurring great harm. And so if you are going to practice Kundalini, you have to be careful not to expose yourself to conditions that you are unprepared for, especially something as severe as ego death. And if you are one of those who have taken that step into territory that you are not prepared for and you feel lost and frustrated, there are answers. There are ways to contextualize these events after they have occurred. You must practice with a guru who understands how to describe this state of consciousness that you are experiencing in a way that you can understand. This is what I have done for many of my students. So if you feel that you want to explore Tantra, or if you have experienced Kundalini in an unprepared state and have suffered damage from this, seek out answers from those who know, who possess awareness, and you will gain power. Even if you have exposed yourself to great suffering and danger in the past.