HP Lovecraft was much more than a prolific writer of weird fiction. Lovecraft was a seer deeply rooted in Ajna consciousness. His very being held an eternal link to subtle space. It was through this link that Lovecraft was able to peer beyond the wall of sleep into the realm of Teraya. Within traditional Tantra, Teraya is the point where between wakefulness and the dream state. It is within the realm of Teraya that Lovecraft was able to access the Great Old Ones. I have always felt a deep connection to the work of Lovecraft. His writings carry with them a sense of the uncanny that somehow pierces the dimensional barriers. As a child, I was persistent, particularly interested in the Necronomicon. The Necronomicon is a book that is featured heavily within the works of Lovecraft. It has been assumed within common society that the Necronomicon is a fictional book, a prop that is employed by Lovecraft in order to build his mythos. After years of heavy ritual work, I can now say with confidence that the Necronomicon is a real book, though it does not exist within the present dimension of consciousness. The Necronomicon is what I call a subtle book. It exists within the realm of subtle space. In Teraya, the place beyond the wall of sleep. The Ajna is the chakra that connects the mind to subtle space. Through activation of the Ajna, it is possible to spirit walk through subtle space and make contact with entities in separate dimensions of consciousness. I have accessed subtle space many times in my life. In my journeys through subtle space, I have developed an awareness of the energetic nature of of the beings and objects that I have encountered in various dimensions. It is through my explorations of subtle space that I have gained the capacity to recognize whether or not I have encountered a real entity or if I have instead identified a figment of my imagination. Traversing subtle space can be a dangerous practice. You are always at risk of losing yourself or falling under possession by a malevolent being. During a recent ritual, I found myself at the black door of the Ajna. And when I opened the door, I encountered one of the Great Old Ones. The entity pulled me violently through the black door and attempted to consume me. I fought back and freed myself from this entity, shutting the door to its dimension. With this action, I felt that I gained access to great power. But the nature of this power remained a mystery to me for three nights. On the third night, I found myself in Teria, and I was visited by an old man who held in his hands an ancient book. He began to read from the book In a language that I did not recognize, yet somehow I grasped its meaning. This man held the Necronomicon and he revealed to me its essential nature. I was given knowledge in Teraya. The Necronomicon is real, as real as any book in this dimension, but it is forever rooted in subtle space. Any attempt to pull the book into this dimension of consciousness will tarnish its nature and obscure its contents. Just as it is impossible to photograph certain subtle space events, it is impossible to transcribe the Necronomicon in material form. The secrets of the book are only accessible in subtle space. Beyond the Wall of Sleep. Lovecraft attempted to describe the nature of his consciousness through his primary means of expression. In his short story beyond the Wall of Sleep, he describes the process of accessing Toraya through meditative practices. He speaks of light beings and the process of spirit walking. His works of fiction are in fact tantric texts that describe the nature of real entities that exist within subtle space. It is likely that Lovecraft was not aware of of the full significance of what he had conjured during his journeys into subtle space. Lovecraft discovered new gods, the gods of a coming age. Recently, I have noticed a shift in the global social body from Vishuddhi consciousness to the Ajna. This can be seen in the manner in which culture bearers have accepted psychedelics and extraterrestrials into mainstream culture. If you have felt that the whole world is on the brink of madness, you are not far from the truth. Global activation of the Ajna will lead to the coming of the Old Ones, just as Lovecraft had predicted in his writings. With the coming of the Old Ones, it will be necessary to develop new rituals to integrate their influence. Like any deities, the Old Ones are beyond good and evil. They can be a great source of power or a great source of dissolution. I have made it my mission to continue my explorations of the Necronomicon in subtle space. I will traverse the Wall of Sleep and craft new rituals of the Old Ones that are rooted in the perennial tradition of tantra. It is through the reading of the Necronomicon that magicians of the present age will find a new source of cosmic power. Power beyond the perception of those who cannot dream, power granted to those who hear the faint whispers, those who are beyond wakefulness and sleep. The dictatorship of the future, I think, will be very unlike the dictatorships which we've been familiar with in the immediate past. I mean, take another book, prophesying the Future, which was a very remarkable book, George Orwell's 1984, this book was written at the height of the Stalinist regime and just after the Hitler regime. And there he foresaw a dictatorship using entirely the methods of terror, methods of physical violence. Now, I think what is going to happen in the future is the dictators will find, as the old saying goes, that you can do everything with bayonets except sit on them. But if you want to preserve your power indefinitely, you have to get the consent of the rule. And this they will do partly by drugs, as I foresaw in In Brave New World, partly by these new techniques of. Of propaganda. They will do it by bypassing the sort of rational side of man and appealing to his subconscious and his deeper emotions and his physiology even, and so making him actually love his slavery. I mean, I think this is the danger that actually people may be in some ways happy under the new regime. The age of Orwell and Huxley is coming to an end. It is time for the age of Lovecraft to begin. Modernity has been colored by the growth of Leviathan, the expansion of the mind as the source of all discernible reality. In modernity, the consciousness of the global social body has been dominated by the Vishudi. The shift to the Vishudi began with the birth of philosophy. Philosophy created a deep rift between the mind and the other aspects of the self. Under the influence of the philosophers, the importance of the mind continued to grow, and with it came the existential nausea that has held modern man in its grip for so many centuries. What was the culmination of the growth of the mind? The birth of totalitarianism and the reduction of man to the economic confined to the internal. The last man was produced, a man without a chest, primed for submission to the will of the reasonable order. The last man marched forward with the arrogance of a being detached from any discernible bodily consequence. The spirit was not given reflection. See the walls expand and books printed. I think that allowing for the book being, after all a parody, something like 1984 could actually happen. This is the direction the world is going in at the present time. In our world, there will be no emotions except fear, rage, triumph and self abasement. The sex instinct will be eradicated. We shall abolish the orgasm. There will be no loyalty, except loyalty to the party. But always there will be the intoxication of power. Always, at every moment, there will be the thrill of victory, the sensation of trampling on an enemy who is helpless. If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face forever. The Moral to be drawn from this dangerous nightmare situation is a simple one. Don't let it happen. It depends on you. Orwell and Huxley were the twin seers of the Last Man. Orwell described the raw tyranny of reason and Huxley described the hedonism of the internal. We have been living in their age for quite some time, but the tides of consciousness are shifting. A new age is upon us. Perhaps you have discerned the whispers of its beckoning call. Rumors of beings amongst the stars, the creeping terror of artificial intelligence, the breaking of dimensional barriers through the use of psychedelics. Ideas and activities once confined to the free fringes of society have permeated the mainstream. The existential nausea is leaving us. We are on the brink of cosmic horror. Soon we will see the consequences of the common man freed from pure reason. Evola warned of this coming age in his critique of the neo pagan movement. When the uninitiated access subtle space, there is potential for the release of energies that are primed to overwhelm and mystify. Popular occult movements such as Wicca, Modern Yoga and Asatru are a breeding ground for dimensional chaos and possession. The New Age movement is rife with the thrashings of the blind idiot God. Occult anarchy is about to reach its peak. That which was once buried in the deep trenches and wide vistas will be immediately perceptible to the common man, throwing society into a fit of collective madness. If you think that things have gone a bit mad in recent years, just wait for what lies around the corner. When the collective consciousness of the social body shifts from the Vishudi to the Ajna, subtle space will creep into this dimension in a manner that is outside the realm of understanding. For the modern man, this will be the age of the rogue black magician, the overman who acts outside of any established hierarchy, taking the madness of Azathoth in hand and using it to his advantage. Those who are unable to ride the wave of madness will be plunged to the depths of insanity. If 1984 was the blueprint for power in the Age of Vishudi, the Necronomicon will act as the Black Bible in the Age of Ajna. Currently we are experiencing the intermediate period between the shift from Vishuddhi to Ajna. We are in the midst of the collective meditation that will solidify the New Age. This is the time in which Nyarlathotep walks the land, spreading his incomprehensible propaganda to the masses. He works to direct the mind of the common man to images between form and spirit. The black man shows films and as ritual, the mode of transformation, the crawling chaos that finally breaks the yoke of logic. It is beyond the means of the uninitiated to resist the sick music of God's propagandist. The safety that the common man derived from the degenerate simplicity of Judaism, Christianity, Islam or science will be shattered by the terrible realization of the full expression of the cosmos. There will be nowhere to hide, because the realization will be within and without. It is the mission of the sorcerer in the coming age to take power by force. We stand at the mouth of madness and only the strong will survive.