Mahavidya Dhumavati. Alright, so if you look up Dhumavati, you're probably going to find some pretty scary shit. But what you find is not nearly as scary as actually working with her because of all the mahavidyas, in my opinion, and of course, this is personal bias, as everything in Tantra is personal bias. Ultimately, I would say that Dhimavati is the most dangerous of the mahavidyas, but that's just me. I'm a white male. White CIS male. Dimavati has a problem with those kinds of people because she represents the aging feminine principle. Aging feminine principle. Okay, what does that mean? Well, it means that she is shakti, facing degradation, facing destruction, facing death and rejection. She is the widow, she is the witch in the woods. She is the hag. Okay, now when I say hag, I'm not using that term as an insult. I have great respect for the hag, as you should too, because if you don't respect the hag, she will wreck you. There are people who have tried to access the power of the hag in many different ways. Some will try to demonize the hag and beat her into submission and control her. Okay, now this is something that occurs on a wide scale. Society is filled with men and women who want to degrade the feminine principle as it advances, as it ages. And so we have these standards that develop. You know, some of these will say that women lose all their value after the age of 34, and then it's like 28 and then 19. You have this obsession with taking the power away from women, making sure that women are in a place of submission. But Dumavati, she represents the expanding power of the feminine principle through age, through experience, through developing a deeper connection to the cosmos holistically. Because the purest expression of the feminine principle is chaos. Now, chaos is both creative and destructive. Dunavati is mostly a destructive force because she is aging. And. And so the destructive quality of the feminine principle is emphasized. She cannot create an infant in her womb anymore. And so the prana within her body is directed towards the hex, the curse, destruction. Now this is something that the Christian man fears greatly, that the Muslim man fears greatly. Every enemy of the dark mother fears the growing power of the feminine. That is why they want to emphasize childbirth, child rearing, making every woman into a submissive mother, where the entire purpose of the feminine is to produce a human child and to raise that child to be submissive to the husband. Well, Dhumavati is the only Mahavidya that does not have a consort because she is a widow, and so she is entirely liberated from the masculine principle. That means she is pure chaos. There is no masculine principle holding her in line or creating any sort of balance. So when you access the cult of Dumavati, you are playing with the greatest destructive potential of shakti, and she can do a lot of damage. I have seen this firsthand. Once I conducted the kakakarma ritual, tadumavadi. It's a lycanthropic ritual where you take the form of the crow, which is one of her sacred animals. And in doing this ritual, I missed one of the steps, which was to give a blood sacrifice. I was caught up in the frenzy of the ritual and I lost my memory. Well, dumavati got her blood because in the midst of this lycanthropic madness, I was walking through the house and bam. I got hit on the side of the head by something. I was knocked out, fell the ground, smashed my face into the floor, and I woke up with a chunk of my ear missing and blood all over the place. Next morning, the biggest crow I've ever seen in my life was in the tree mocking me. Now, there are many stories of people who have had bad interactions with Dumavati. And the reason is because if you want to work with her, there are certain standards of practice that you have to abide by. And you have to abide by those very strictly if you're a man. Humavati has a natural malevolence towards the masculine principle. As I said, she doesn't have a balancing consort. Shiva, her incarnation of Shiva, has died. So she is resistant to any male presence trying to control her. If you practice bhakti zaduma body as a couple, that can be a problem too, because naturally she wants to inspire her condition in her followers. So she is a widow. She will want to break up any couple that attempts to practice bhakti with her. The only individuals who will have a natural propensity to work with Dumavati are widows and single women who are not interested in pursuing any sort of serious relationship. Now, I'm not saying that you can't work with dumavati if you're a man or if you are a couple. But you have to understand what you're getting yourself involved with. You know, it's like smoking meth and then being surprised that you haven't slept in three fucking days. You have to know that there are consequences with working with these deities. These are living forces, living personalities, and they can have a major impact on your life. One of the scariest aspects of Dhumavati is that she tends to create suicidal feelings in her devotees. And there are many people who have committed suicide while practicing bhakti to Dumavati. I personally know of some individuals who have worked with Dumavati that have had dead crows show up on their front step of their house and they have had horrible night terrors. They've woken up with the sound of grain falling to the ground in their bedroom in the middle of the night. Dumavati carries a sack of grain. She separates the wheat from the chaff. This is separating the soul from the physical body. She is death incarnate. You have to understand, if you're working with Dumavati or any other crone spirit like Baba Yaga, there are consequences. Respect her. Respect what she represents. Respect the feminine principle in every form, whether it is in youth, whether it is in the bearing of a child, or whether it is in the ultimate destructive capability as Dumavati represents.