The Tibetan Book of the Dead, also known as the Bardo Todal, is a Tantric text that deals with the radical elevation of the initiate to the point of pure transcendence. The common interpretation of the Bardo Todol is that it offers initiatory practices for the transference of consciousness upon death. This interpretation is exoterically correct, but the esoteric meaning of the text concerns a different kind of death. This is not a physical death, but a death of the ego. The initiate seeks the state of self mastery through the esoteric death of the self. This is a death that is experienced by the living with the purpose of submitting to the will of the self. Death of the self is the ultimate expression of self mastery. If the initiate is able to climb the mountain and reject all attachments, the key to the greatest expression of the will is given. This is the great liberation that is spoken of in the text. The bardos are the intermediate states between life that prevent the attainment of ultimate mastery. These bardos are presented as tests to the initiate. If the initiate is able to eliminate their attachment to these bardos, the most extreme point of transcendence becomes accessible. Upon death, the initiate experiences the Shakai Bardo. This is the state of immediate oneness, sometimes described as the clear light. It is at this point that the initiate may reject all attachment and achieve ultimate transcendence. Transcendence is produced through the rejection of all that is presented. Rather than embracing the clear light of the initiate must affirm that the light is nothing, the self is nothing, and all things are nothing. Such an affirmation is an ultimate revolt against the immanent. If the initiate succeeds, they lose all attachment to the immanent expression. All reactionary tendencies are brought under control. Not even the gods can influence the master. Those who fail to achieve transcendence in the Shakai Bardo are subjected to the lower bardos, with the initiate experiencing rebirth if they are unable to successfully detach from each level level. The presence of the lower bardos inspires immediate action in the initiate. This immediacy is necessary in order to achieve the effective shift in consciousness to the transcendent point. If the initiate fails to act with immediacy, insufficient energy will be generated to reach Buddhahood. This is comparable to the shift in consciousness that occurs in Kundalini Yoga when the yogin advances the serpent to the crown and affirms transcendence through the blossoming of the Sahasra. The path of the Bardo Todol is the path of ultimate transcendence. It is a path of total rebellion against the immanent expression. Applying the principle of as above, so below, a second path is revealed, the path of ultimate immanence. This is the path of the inverted Buddhahood, the shadow of the Buddha. If ultimate transcendence may be achieved, the counterbalance of ultimate immanence may also be achieved. Ultimate immanence consists of the expression of the ego beyond the cycle of time, beyond the gods, beyond all. By developing an understanding of the nature of transcendence through Buddhahood, the Tantric Master may return from death with knowledge beyond God. Dissolution is a source of great power to the Buddha. It is in the recognition of of the will to dissolution that the Buddha expresses power over God consciousness. God consciousness is essential. God cannot dissolve itself. The Buddha possessing this knowledge, is able to express power beyond God because the Buddha's consciousness is freed from attachment and no longer under the influence of God. When the Buddha meets God, he expresses power beyond the divine and in doing so escapes the closed system of the cycle of time. The Buddha is therefore beyond God, beyond the essential principle, beyond life and death. This is the power of pure transcendence, the ability to forego all as an expression of of the will. One who possesses such a will gains the power to transform any poison into medicine. Sa.