What is the terrible face? Well, if you have seen iconography of Kali or Tarima, many different goddesses and some gods, you might notice that they are sticking their tongue out, like in that crazy face. So we call that the terrible face. Why is it terrible? Well, within the tradition of the Aghoris Aghori, this is someone who exists beyond the terrible. All right? So when we say terrible, we don't necessarily mean that it's bad. We just mean that it's shocking, that it's powerful. And, in fact, that shocking aspect has to do with the connection to the anahata, to the heart. So another word for the terrible face is the simakriya. Okay, so this is related to the lion. And you'll notice whenever I stick out my tongue and I, you know, make the terrible face kind of looks like the lion's roar or the face that a lion would make when it's sticking out its tongue. So. So why the connection to the lion? Well, the lion is also associated with the anahata. And the anahata is the seat of one's individuated personality or their ego, their will. So when you make this face, what you're doing is you are recognizing the will inside of you and you are expressing it outwardly. And it takes willpower to do this. Most people are not going to stare at a camera and be able to make the terrible face without feeling ridiculous. It's a yogic exercise. When you can make that face in public without feeling ridiculous, that is a sign of your comfortability with your own willpower, with breaking social norms, with integrating things that most people would consider to be terrible. Because now you're not confined to the condition of being labeled terrible. You've gone beyond what is terrible. You've transcended that, and you've integrated it. The terrible face means many different things. Some people will associate the terrible face, when it is made by Kali, with shame, because they'll say that she was caught in her bloodlust, and so she stuck out her tongue to show her embarrassment and her shame. And there is an aspect of that, because most people, whenever they begin to embrace the core of who they are, whenever they really look inside, they see what's in there. There's a lot of shame, because society does not want you to be a shameless individual. They want you to conform to the social norms. You know? And so when you stick out your tongue, like Kali and shame, you know, you're showing your tongue, like in embarrassment, she's showing the blood on her tongue. She's embarrassed about what she's done. But there's another way to look at this, to transcend that embarrassment, to transcend that shame, so that when you stick out your tongue, it's ferocious. When I make the terrible face, it is without shame. I want you to test yourself. I want you to go on your social media platform, whatever that might be, if it's Twitter or Instagram, I want you to take a picture, picture of yourself making the terrible face and post it. See if you can do that without feeling any embarrassment. It's a test. See if you can even look in the mirror and stick out your tongue and be ferocious. Be terrible. See if you can do that. See what kind of feelings that conjures up inside of you and you can really push this too. This is an important exercise within Tantra. Like, for example, this might seem crazy to a lot of people who are watching this, but when I go for long runs and I see someone passing by me on the path, sometimes I'll just make the terrible face. I'll be like, ah, you know, fucking getting them all revved up. Now, usually this scares the shit out of people, but sometimes, sometimes they'll make the face back or they'll laugh or they'll feel excited. Well, what's happening? I'm throwing out lightning to them. Whenever I'm making that face, I am giving them energy. It's like, holy shit. We're now in a space where we are removing all preconceived notions of what civilization means, and we're embracing just a full, unadulterated expression of the beast, what Nietzsche called the blond beast inside of us, the lion. So whenever you can embrace that part of yourself and throw it out, that's part of throwing lightning. That's part of embracing the will to power within the anahata. And for some people, that might be terrifying. For some people, that might be terrible, embarrassing, disgusting. For others, it's inspiring. It's something that allows them to open up their own heart and have an open expression. And the terrible face is not just limited to sticking out your tongue in Sima Kriya. Because every time you represent yourself in an unadulterated way, with pure passion and the embrace of the individuated ego, you are performing the terrible face. It reminds me of that song by the Dead Kennedys, Halloween. You know, one time a year you're allowed to dress up and really embrace who you are, but the rest of the year, you don't have the guts to do that. You just wear the clothes that you're expected to wear. And you do the things that you're expected to do and you stifle that part of yourself. You push it down deep inside and you don't let the world see it. You never make the terrible face until Halloween comes around. And then you can cover yourself in blood and makeup and you can make yourself into a werewolf or a fucking zombie or whatever the hell you want to be. But it's reserved for that one day each year where you're allowed to have an individuated expression. And the idea of the Sima Kriya is that no, every day is for individuated expression. Every day is for embrace of the self. And if you can find other people who are willing to make the terrible face, then you can find your tribe. You can find the people who are willing to embrace individuated expression and be open and non dogmatic and not be confined to the present social order. So make the terrible face. Find others who are willing to make the terrible face and then you will be free. And you know, making the terrible face is not just about throwing lightning. It's also about surrender. Surrendering the unhealthy aspects of your ego that would make you afraid, that would paralyze you. So you know, the E Girls, they make that weird anime face. I don't even know what it's called, but basically do it, do it. Okay, it's like, ah, something like that, like that. That might be a little gay, but that's. I'm not not saying that, you know, there's anything wrong with being gay, but not exactly what I'm into. But anyway, when the E girls are making the anime phase, it's surrendering, okay? It's surrendering to their sexuality because they're not allowing the thought loops that society is trying to plug into the their mind to make them feel ashamed of their sexuality. They're not allowing that to override their expression of sexuality. And that's a really dangerous thing in society for men or women to be able to embrace their sexuality without shame. The system is always trying to plug shame into people in regards to their sexuality. Because if the system can control your sexual prana, they can lead you around like a dog on a leash. So, you know, when these E girls are making that face, I think it's beautiful. It's a beautiful expression of their will to power. And you know, if you have a problem with it, maybe you should look inside and see why you're having such a strong reaction to that expression. Maybe you wish you could make an expression like that. Maybe you wish you could embrace that kind of mindlessness. You know, it's not that the mind is an evil thing, but it is a great barrier, especially in modernity, to being able to express what is in your heart, what you truly love, what you're truly passionate about. And so sometimes you have to surrender attachments that prevent you from just enjoying what you enjoy, enjoying your passions, enjoying sex, enjoying music, enjoying drugs, whatever. There's nothing inherently wrong with sex or drugs or rock and roll or any of this shit, unless it becomes, you know, self destructive over time, or adharmic, really, unless it becomes adharmic. But most people are being kept away from embracing what they truly enjoy. And so this action of performing the terrible faith, it connects you with a raw expression of your true love, whatever that might be, in whatever capacity. Now, when you get dressed in the morning, for example, you should wear what you want to wear. You know, you should wear as much makeup as you want want to wear. You should wear as much jewelry as you want to wear. Wear whatever you want to wear. Wear a cowboy hat if you want to, because you are a God. And nobody can tell you what you should be wearing. Nobody can tell you that there is an objective standard for what type of clothes you should wear or how much makeup you should wear. If you find enjoyment from wearing certain types of clothes or wearing certain types of cloth makeup or jewelry, then do it, embrace it. That's part of making the terrible face. And if any time you feel that doubt inside of you come up, you know that hesitation, just go, ah. Make the fucking terrible face. Scream if you have to. That's part of killing that little voice that comes into your head. That's probably not even your voice. It's probably the voice of your parents or some asshole teacher you had in school or, you know, some dickhead on the Internet that left some comment trying to make you feel bad about yourself or trying to make you doubt yourself, that's the voice that you hear in your head trying to get you to submit. Submit to their idea of what you're supposed to be. So whenever you hear that voice, just. Just drown it out. You've got to hear the thunder, you got to throw the lightning. Or you've got to submit. Because sometimes you've got to submit to just what exists in your gut and what exists in your heart and shut everything up from here up. Just shut everything up. You know, stick out your tongue, vomit the soul, throw your, your throat onto the ground, throw the mind onto the ground and Just make the terrible face. Be like the lion. Release the blonde beast. That's what will allow you to truly enjoy life.