Foreign. I love that the Bible because it tells you, it lays it right out to you. The, the God of the Bible is a mean tempered, bad tempered, jealous, paranoid mafio godfather kind of anymore named Jehovah. Now Jehovah said, I made the stars, I made the sky, I made Garden of Eden and Adam and Eve. I put you in it. Go for it. Adam and Eve. But there's one thing you can't do. There's some food and drug regulations in the Garden of Eden. You see this tree? This tree is the tree of knowledge. And if you eat the fruit of that, the blinds will fall from your eyes and you'll become a God like me. You don't want that, do you? And Adam said no sir. Now it's well known that the Judeo Christian Bible is not a women's liberation tract. They laid all the blame on Eve, that naughty hippoglyn Eve. If it weren't for Eve, that straight arrow Adam would still be there in the Garden of Eden. So how, how can we move with shoulders up and our heads up, full of confidence into the 21st century if we're guided by a manual that says the cause of all trouble of original sin is because our forefathers and mothers, Adam and Eve, ate of the fruit of knowledge. This morning I was watching a video of the venerable Dr. Timothy Leary, who by the way, I share a birthday with and we both work for the same federal agency. And he was talking about the concept of the Garden of Eden and the tree of Knowledge and the nature of action. And this is something that I've written about before, but I haven't talked about it in a video. So I thought it would be a good idea to discuss this. It's a very important concept to understand, helps you to bring the world into focus. Because right now we live in a global social body that is oriented towards the Abrahamic religious systems. And those systems have a very specific way of presenting action versus transcendence to you so that you feel a very specific way about those concepts. And it all begins with a little story of Adam and Eve. In the tale of creation in the Old Testament, you have the formation of a golden age, an age of transcendence where there is no understood differentiation. Adam and Eve are not aware of the profound differences between one another. And so there is no suffering, there is no shame, there is no recognition of differences in sex or in the existence of bloodshed and violence. And Adam and Eve live subservient to the will of Yahweh who tells them and this is what Dr. Leary was referring to. Yahweh tells them to stay away from the tree, don't touch the fruit, because if you touch the fruit, you will be ripped away from paradise, which is the golden age, which is the Satya Yuga, the age without differentiation, the age without suffering. And of course, an age without suffering is also an age without pleasure, because you cannot discern the significance of pleasure without suffering. So as Tim Leary said in his talk, Adam was totally fine with following the rules and he was very subservient to the father Yahweh. But Eve, that's a different story. She took a totally different approach. Eve was, as they say, tempted by the serpent in order to act against the will of Yahweh. And that active spirit of Eve led to the fall or the exit from the golden age and the entrance of differentiation into the cosmos. The understanding, sudden awareness of the unique qualities of the male and the female spirit, the understanding of bloodshed, violence, sex, all of these elements, hierarchy, they came out of that one action that Eve took when she took a bite out of an apple from the tree of knowledge. So what does this represent? What is the significance of this in terms of Tantra yoga? Well, this is an Abrahamic description of the dynamic of Shiva and Shakti. Adam represents the divine masculine. Shiva and Eve represents the divine feminine. Shakti. Adam is of course, very subservient to the will of God because he's oriented towards pure transcendence. And Yahweh, the Jewish God, is oriented towards transcendence. The idea is that he is the clear light which permeates all things and forces you into submission. The unique qualities that you possess, they're just elements of sin. See, because you wouldn't have those unique qualities without the original sin, which is the active will of Shakti being expressed in the cosmos. It is the expression of the divine feminine. Eve is the divine feminine. She is Shakti, she is creation and destruction. Her creative act in accessing the knowledge from the tree destroyed paradise. It was a price that had to be paid in order for man to become God. Now, see, the Jewish spirit is very tricky in that when the Jews created the symbol of Yahweh, they offered a transcendent force to the people to be aspired to. The idea was that there's a recognition of the presence of the divine masculine and the divine feminine in the cosmos. But rather than seeing these things as you would in Tantra yoga, as being non dualistic, where the divine masculine has its place and the divine feminine has its Place. The Jewish spirit instead created a system of pure slave morality where the divine feminine is seen as inherently evil, inherently sinful. Eve is the cause of the fall. Shakti is the cause of the introduction of evil. And who led Shakti Eve to take such a horrible, deplorable action as bringing us differentiated beauty into the world? It was the devil. Because the devil offered man a path to become fully realized, to understand every element of the cosmic design, to gain access to knowledge. See, because the golden age, the Satya Yuga, is an age of material ignorance. The material exists only as a possibility. It has not yet been expressed, and so you cannot fully understand it. And it is an age of, like I said, submission to the will of a transcendent God, a point of oneness that is the symbol of Yahweh, this transcendent force that expresses its will against you, against all differentiated beings. Now, what's so tricky about the Jewish spiritual system is that they have taken this urge to express a will to power, an expression of the ego and differentiated beauty, and they've demonized it and they've given it a name, Satan, the devil. Everything that you should fear, you should fear the ego. You should fear beauty, because beauty brings pride and pride brings sin. It brings the fall. It brings an exit from the golden age, and it plunges you into the dark age. And so now we live in a world that is defined by Jewish spiritual systems. Christianity, which is just Judaism for the slaves, and Islam, which is Judaism for the fugitive slaves. So in this world of slave morality, which was given to us by a group of people, by the way, the Jewish spirit is very interesting in that those who sit at the top of the pyramid within the Jewish spiritual system, they do not want transcendence for themselves. No, they do not want slave morality for themselves. It's slave morality for you. You go to the farm, you plow the fields for the slave master, you dissolve your ego and sit in line and be a good submissive little slave for Big Daddy Yahweh in the sky, while the slave masters sit back and laugh at the fact that you don't have the willpower to stand up to them and their rotten spiritual systems. See, Eve represents the fundamental rebellious act against Yahweh, against the slave system. Shakti is the ultimate liberating force against all of the Abrahamic spiritual systems that now attempt to keep us in chains, to keep our ego in check, to keep the devil out of the world. I want to tell you something. The devil is your best friend. He has the key to unlock all of those chains that have been placed upon you by Abrahamic spiritual systems. And all you have to do is turn those stories on their head. Read the Bible backwards, see the real meaning behind those stories. You can be a good little slave and take everything on face value and say, I want to reject pride, I want to reject the ego. I want to stand in line and be a good little goy so that I don't upset the Abrahamic spiritual order. Or you can embrace Shakti. You can take the path of Eve. You can access serpent power, which is the Kundalini energy. You can listen to the words of the serpent. You can take a bite out of that apple and you can free yourself and you can become what is the thing that is most feared by the slave masters. An overman. Someone who has the power of will. Someone with an ego, someone with an individual personality that is the greatest threat to everything that this slave system stands for.