What are the gunas? So if you have explored yoga or the Indian tradition, you probably heard of the gunas. The gunas are three elemental states that are representative of certain states of consciousness. So we have Tamas, rajas and Sattva. These are the three gunas. And in terms of rooted consciousness, in Tamas we have the Muladhara and Svadhisthana. In rajas we have the Manipura and Anahata. In Sattva we have the Vishudi and the Ajna. The Sahasra is without a guna state. It is clear. So within modern yoga practice, every school except for this one will tell you that the gunas carry an inherent ranking that demonstrates their value. So we have Tamas, which is the lowest ranked guna, Then we have rajas, the second rank, and Sattva, the top ranked guna. And the idea is that you begin in tamas, you advance to rajas and then to Sattva, and finally you transcend the gunas at the Sahasra. The gunas are considered to be by most yoga schools, in fact, every yoga school except this one, the gunas are considered to be illusory aspects of Maya. They're considered to be aspects of differentiation in the material world that should be rejected sequentially in a path of ascension to the God point, the monistic point, God consciousness. But if you apply the Aryan tradition properly, as we do in this school, you will know that the true illusion is the hierarchy of the gunas. Once you transcend the gunas, it's not that you are leaving them behind, it's not that you are throwing them away. What you are trying to do is recognize that each of these gunas carries equal value, equal weight, and they are poisons that are to be integrated into the self on the Left hand path as part of a process of self development, self realization. So it is true within the ancient traditions that there is a sequential process of advancing through the gunas. This is called the Right hand path, the ascending path of Tantra, the ascending path of the mountain. And we begin at the Muladhara in our Kundalini practice, this is tamas. And we advance through the gunas. We leave behind the earth element. The tamas element is the earth and it is the subterranean volcanic element. These things together. And so we call tamas things earthy things or heavy things. These are things of the material, the vulgar expression of the material, the body. Then we have the rajas. So the rajas is the fiery element, and it is the electricity, it is the passion, okay? And we experience what is rajas in the Manipura and the Anahata. And then finally we advance through the Kundalini practice to the Sattva element. And Sattva is that which is airy, that which is tranquil, that which carries with it a calm. Now, what's interesting about this is that these elemental expressions of the Gunas are presented in direct relation to the Ascending Path. So while it may be true that on the Ascending Path, when you reach this point on the Right Hand Path initiation, the Vishuddhi and the Ashda are are points of tranquility and calm, you will find that in reality, in the fullest expression of the Sattva element, these points carry just as much viciousness and turmoil as what can be found in the Rajas and the Tamas elements of consciousness. But of course, there is a bias towards that which is Sattvic in every other yoga school, because those schools only recognize the legitimacy of the Ascending Path, and ultimately they are directed towards a return to oneness. They do not embrace the true expression of the Left Hand Path, which is the embrace, the affirmation of differentiated beauty. So those who are able to access the true Left Hand Path reintegrate all of the Gunas, and they recognize that each of the three gunas possess equal value and they have the potential to be just as poisonous or just as medicinal as one another. Sat.