So few seek the Higher Truth, even fewer the Lower Truth. As above, so below. The brightest summer and the darkest winter is found in the life of a single man. And below him, the smallest molecule. And below that, the realms of Patala. Why is there such a preoccupation with the Higher Truth? It is because man is born into the lower state of the Kali Yuga and he naturally tends to seek that which he does not possess. He seeks the higher Truth, the peak of the mountain. Of all the Seekers, only a handful ever reach the peak. There is truth at the peak, but there is also truth at the base. Truth that cannot be known as Truth until the light atop the holy mountain casts upon the ground and reveals the depth of its feminine beauty. It is in the womb of the earth that one may find the Lower Truth. A truth concealed beyond that which is higher, yet is altogether familiar to those who were once held by Mother in whatever form she decides to take. It is easy to get lost. When seeking the higher Truth. The Seeker asks, what direction should I go to find the truth? The answer is deceptively simple. You go up. If a truth is higher, it must be found in Ascension. Yes, this is simple enough, but what is meant by up, exactly? And here we find another dilemma. The problem of precision in identifying a single path up the mountain. The truth about Truth is that no higher truth may be accessed until the Seeker understands that all that is higher is Spirit. And the Highest Spirit makes no distinction between truth and untruth, love and hate, light and dark. The higher Truth is everything all at once. And so it is nothing. When you seek the higher truth, you seek nothing. It would seem then that the appropriate course of action would be to just give up searching altogether. Of course, this is the right answer. Stop looking, stop living, and you will find the higher truth. But here we have another dilemma. The Seeker may not be willing to give up on life and everything that they are in acceptance of nothingness. Ah, yes. And that is when the Seeker must realize something important. To know the cosmos, you must know the highest highs and the lowest lows. You must live and die at once. And so death is not all that the Seeker hungers for. The Seeker hungers for that which is beyond the Highest Truth and the lowest Truth. The Seeker strives for what is at the core of the self, Dharma. And in finding Dharma, the truth becomes high, low and in between. The honest Seeker, Pure Light, is a Seeker of Death. Of course, so few of those who seek the Pure Light are truly honest about who and what they really are. And unless you can accept honesty. You will never find the peak of the mountain, Sa.