Foreign. I often use the words transcendence and immanence when I talk about spiritual systems. And the way that I use these words is a bit different from other spiritual teachers. So it's important that I clarify what I mean by transcendence and immanence and how it relates to my method of yoga. Viagra Yoga. Transcendence is the state of return to oneness. It is the dissolution of individual consciousness and the embrace of monism. So within Tantra yoga, there is this core idea that all things originate from an unmoved mover, an essential consciousness. You can call that God, you can call that the cosmos, the void, whatever you want to call it, it's the same essential idea. It is a singular point from which all potentiality originates. And within that point, everything that now exists resides as an idea. And not an idea in an intellectual sense, more of an idea in a spiritual sense. It is an expression of consciousness that begins to take form whenever you introduce the power of immanence. Immanence is the presence of consciousness in the material as well as in the mind, and it is an expansion of form. So you can think of transcendence as one, immanence as many. This is the core difference. There are two ages, master ages, which are recognized within Viagra yoga. There is the age of Shiva and the age of shakti. The age of Shiva is a transcendent age wherein everything is oriented towards contemplation and there is no expressed material form. Contemplation, pure contemplation, is simply the recognition that all things are in one and exist as potentiality. There's a difference between that potentiality and the expressed form. The expressed form comes with the age of shakti, and this is the introduction of immanence into the cosmos. The idea is that what is possible is now active. And so the age of shakti is an age of action as opposed to contemplation within action. You see differing forms of consciousness began to express their will on an individual level. So, just to reiterate, in the age of Shiva, we have one essential form. In the age of shakti, we have many forms expressing separate wills that are often in conflict with one another. And it is this conflict that is the source of suffering. Because one of the core attributes of the goddess Shakti is. Is that she is both creative and destructive. And you see, within the material consciousness, whenever you want to create something, it requires the use of energy. You are expending energy in order to create. And that is the nature of the immanent world. It is the Idea that within the realm of Shakti, the Mother Goddess, we find her presence everywhere and her attributes are everywhere. And her attributes, like I said, are both creative and destructive. And this is a beautiful thing because it allows for us to recognize difference in form. It allows for a full expression of all of those beautiful and horrible possibilities which exist within that one essential foundation, that unmoved mover. So within the immanent world, within the trees that surround us, the various life forms, inanimate objects, all of it, it all possesses elements of Shakti. It all has God within it. And being immanent, it is expressed in a differentiated fashion. So my consciousness, my will, is separate from yours. We are not the same. We may have come from the same source, but nevertheless we are not the same will, we are not the same consciousness. We only have the same root. And there is a major difference between the two. Okay, we are born from one source, but once we are born, we form a new root, our own root that we carry with us. And that is the ego. That is our individuated expression of being, our consciousness, our self. There are two ideas of self within yoga. There's the idea of the the void, which is regarded by most practitioners of the Right Hand Path as the ultimate self or the true self. And then there's the false self that is to be rejected so that we can return to the true self. That is the transcendent oriented idea of yogic practice. But see, that is not the type of yoga that I teach. I teach the true Left Hand Path practice where we reject the idea of the foundational monistic self as being the true self. Instead, we recognize our own individuated consciousness as the true self, the self that is to be affirmed against the will of that foundational void. We reject a return to the void in favor of the void. We seek the preservation of the ego instead of transcendence, we seek the preservation of immanence. See, that is the foundational principle of Viagra Yoga. It's the idea that the self as we know it in an egoic sense is to be embraced, not to be thrown aside. The only reason that the Right Hand Path perspective of the ego as something to be thrown aside. The only reason that is so prominent and has gained so much strength and is because it is built on a foundation of transcendent ideology which was forced upon this world by Abrahamic religious systems long ago, which are all oriented towards transcendence. Before the rise of Judaism and Christianity and Islam, we had differing spiritual systems throughout the globe that represented the idea of immanence. And we're not obsessed with transcendence. For instance, the Norse spiritual system is entirely imminent. There is no transcendent element that could be compared to the right hand path transcendence that you find in something like Christianity or Buddhism or any of the Shiva or Vishnu oriented yoga schools. There is the idea of heroic action, expression of the will in violent death, in sex, procreation, the development of new forms, new ideas, new expressions of the will. Affirmation of my right to be, affirmation of my individual beauty, what I have to offer the world, and an embrace of the suffering which is the price that is to be paid for a recognition of that beauty. If you take your will and your energy away from that idea, away from the idea that your ego is something to be destroyed, away from the idea that we must return to this so called ultimate self, if you reject that idea and you start to place your momentum towards the cultivation, preservation of the individual will, perhaps you may find that you, you as you exist in the material form, you are worth preserv.