Demons and angels represent two forms of energy that can manifest within each chakra. The demonic is the feminine manifestation and the angelic is the masculine manifestation. That which is active is demonic and that which is receptive is angelic. When you express your will in an active sense, no matter the form of expression, you are acting demonically. Conversely, when you are in a receptive state, you are acting angelically. What must be understood is that man exists in a unique position of possessing both the demonic and the angelic within himself, and both sides may be accessed through the proper application of tantra. Demons and angels also possess both the active and receptive within, but they possess an alchemical mix of the feminine and the masculine that places them in alignment with one of two ultimate hell or heaven. As a yogin, you also possess an alignment dependent upon whether you are ultimately active or receptive in your dharmic expression. At the basic level of expression, the yogin only has access to two individuation or total dissolution. As the power of the yogin increases, the limitations of the initial form are lifted and new pathways to power are accessed. This is the transformation of the demonic and the angelic into a special spectrum of power that is brought under the will of the yogin. Such power is only accessible through proper magical channels. It is extremely difficult to access these channels, and few yogins ever reach such a state of mastery. Angelic power is receptive. Those who submit their will to the angelic are siphoned by the divine masculinity of the seven princes of Heaven. When the Christian raises his hands in praise of the holy Kingdom, he willfully sacrifices his his prana to the angelic overlords. The streets of the kingdom are paved with gold, all paid for by the flock. Those who exist under the rule of Yahweh have an esoteric boot planted firmly on their throat. The pranic channel is directed one way. Any power that is given to the flock is miniscule and certainly weighed in the overwhelming favor of the princes of Heaven. It may be stated that in some ways the angelic is an even greater poison than the demonic. The angelic takes, the demonic gives. Is it then possible for the magician to reverse the flow of the angelic prana and receive the riches of heaven? The answer is yes. The process of achieving this is extremely dangerous and occulted. It will not be spoken of in the presence of the flock.