The doctrine of rooted consciousness is an idea that I developed in my exploration of esoteric concepts within Tantra. When I was crafting my individual approach to yoga, Viagra Yoga, I recognized that there was a great contradiction in the way that the chakra system is presented within the Right Hand Path. Because Tantra is supposed to be a non dualistic system. Every great Aryan tradition is non dualistic. It is beyond good and evil. However, within the Right Hand Path yoga that is presented by most modern yoga schools, there is a bias towards transcendence. The chakras are represented in the Right Hand Path as a hierarchical system with a clear superiority of the Sahasvara, the Crown chakra. In the Right Hand Path approach to Tantra, you advance from the root, the Muladhara, up towards the crown, the Sahasvara. Now this implies that the root is inferior, the crown is superior. This is the point of ultimate understanding. And for the Right Hand Path, it is the point of ultimate understanding. Because they don't see anything beyond transcendence. But I advanced beyond transcendence in my practice. I took the Left Hand Path approach after I had completed my Right Hand Path training. And in taking the Left Hand Path approach to Tantra, I recognized the true nature of non duality, the true nature of beyond good and evil. And in doing so, I made the realization that the chakras are inherently non dualistic. Each point of consciousness, and that's what a chakra is, it's a state of consciousness, a point of consciousness. Each chakra is neither inferior or superior to another. This is one great key that I gained through my Left Hand Path practices. And there's another great key that I obtained in my practices. And that is my realization that each person has a rooted consciousness, a home consciousness that is represented by a chakra. So for example, there are some individuals who are rooted in the Manipura. The Manipura, which is seated at the navel, is the point of inner fire and expressiveness. And there are specific traits that are associated with this chakra. For example, individuals who are rooted in the Manipura tend to be very impulsive. They want to take action in the material world. Now this is neither an inherently positive or negative trait. It's all dependent upon the adjustment of that state of consciousness. And the process of Kundalini Yoga allows you to explore, for example, the Manipura and determine what elements of that consciousness are well adjusted and what elements are maladjusted. You take the aspects of that consciousness that bring you power and you integrate those aspects into the self and you take those aspects that undermine your will, undermine your power, and you throw them aside. This is the goal of yoga, of unification. This is the goal of the Left Hand Path of self realization. Because after you've completed the ascending path, the Right Hand Path, and you've climbed the mountain, you've reached the peak transcendence, what you've done is you've left behind attachment. You've achieved liberation from preoccupation with the reactive nature in the material world. You gained self mastery. But then from that point you must descend down the other side of the mountain. And when you make that descent, you have a new understanding of the self. The ascending path is your introduction to each state of consciousness, each chakra point. And the descending path is your reintroduction to those states of consciousness, a realization of their true nature. When you have achieved realization of each state of consciousness, each chakra, you yourself gain the ability to understand the nature of someone who is, for example, rooted in the Manipuro. Because you have experienced that stated consciousness yourself in your practice. This can be achieved with each chakra point. And so if you complete your Kundalini training on both the Right Hand Path and Left Hand Path, you gain insight into the nature of man, all aspects of his nature. Because there is a lot of differentiation within consciousness. Consciousness is not one thing. There are many aspects of consciousness and many different energies that are expressed within consciousness. And you can understand these energies intellectually. There's a big difference between being introduced to a chakra through the mind, through the intellect, and actually experiencing it in the self, in every aspect of the self, in the body, in the mind and in the spirit. Because when you are able to do this through yoga, through unification, you gain a full insight into the aspects of that consciousness in other people as well as yourself. And then with proper training and practice, you can learn how to access each of those energies at will. Now, in the doctrine of rooted consciousness, there is an understanding that though we are rooted within a specific state of consciousness, a specific chakra, we can migrate, we can shift to other states of consciousness, sometimes, as I said, at will, but sometimes as a result of either internal or external stimuli that shifts us into an altered state. So, for example, drugs and alcohol can be used as a way to access an altered state of consciousness. If you are rooted in, let's say, for example, the vishudi, the throat. And you are very intellectual because that is the nature of the vishudi. And you consume alcohol. The consumption of alcohol may shift you away from the mind and place you within the body. Because alcohol is associated with the Muladhara. And in fact, the Divine Feminine, which is also an aspect of Muladhara consciousness, is worshiped through the consumption of alcohol. And in many Aryan cultures, the same principle can be applied. For someone who is rooted in the Muladhara and wants to experience the Vishuddhi or the Ajna or even the Sahasra. These individuals may experience that state of consciousness through the use of drugs that place them within the mind or within the spirit. So, for example, LSD is a drug that activates the third eye consciousness, the Ajna. And so someone who is rooted in the Muladhara, who uses this drug, is likely going to be skyrocketed into a state of consciousness that they are not accustomed to. And this can be either a very disturbing or a very enlightening experience, depending on the context in which these drugs are used. Within the doctrine of rooted consciousness, the chakras are organized in terms of left hand chakras and right hand chakras. The left hand chakras are the imminent chakras. They're the states of consciousness that are associated with the material and the expression of the divine Feminine. These are the Muladhara, the Svadhisthana and the Manipura. You also have the right hand consciousness, the right handed chakras, which are associated with transcendence and the divine masculine. These are the Vishuddhi, the Ajna and the Sahasra. In the center you have the balance point, the neutral chakra, the Anahata. There is some conflict that can develop between the left handed chakras and the right handed chakras. For example, there is a point of contention between the Manipura and the Vishuddhi. This is because the Manipura is expressive in nature and it is very materially oriented. Being on the left hand, there is a desire to express one's will within the material world. And this impulsiveness that is counter to the Bishudhi, which is very introspective. And there's this desire to remain in contemplation, in meditation, which also can become impulsive. And that is an interesting point to consider, because though these two states of consciousness can be adversarial, there's also some distinct similarities between them. The same can be said for other states of consciousness, other chakras that are charted against one another. So, for example, the Muladhara can be adversarial to the Sahasra and the Ajna can be adversarial to the Svadhisthana. These points of consciousness conflict, but they also have certain similarities. And the goal of a Kundalini practice is to bring these states of consciousness into unification so that there is not an internal conflict that undermines the will. Through the practice of Viagra Yoga, you can develop a much stronger understanding of the self because you are able to explore your rooted consciousness. You can also develop a much stronger understanding of other people because you can understand the nature of their consciousness. Furthermore, you can understand internal strife that is linked to difficulties which arise when you have developed an adversarial relationship with a certain state of consciousness. One of the most powerful tools for understanding the nature of your consciousness is a method that I developed called Consciousness Analysis. Within consciousness Analysis, the rooted chakra of the individual is identified through a series of questions that reveal the specific nature of the individual. And then, once that consciousness is identified, specific practices can be prescribed in order to maximize the powerful aspects of that chakra and minimize those aspects that undermine the will and reduce the power of the individual. When I initiate a new student into Viagra Yoga, I utilize Consciousness Analysis in order to identify their rooted consciousness. And from there, I craft a program that emphasizes their strengths. Tantra is an individualized process that recognizes differences in consciousness, and it is important to understand that each state of consciousness carries its own strengths and weaknesses. And through Viagra Yoga, you can gain this understanding and you can apply the doctrine of rooted consciousness to in order to increase your internal power as well as improve your ability to work with others in cultivating their strengths.