What is a mahavidya? A mahavidya is one of the ten forms of shakti that is associated with vamashara and the cremation grounds. These are extremely important and powerful incarnations of divine femininity. When I say they are incarnations of divine femininity, what I mean is they are incarnations of the active chaotic principle within the cosmos that serves as the balancing force to the principle of Shiva and divine masculinity order. These are liberating forces, and each of the 10 Mahavidyas represents a different form of liberation operating from a different state of consciousness or chakra. I decided to speak on the essence of the Mahavidyas because these figures are some of the most important within Tantra and they are not recognized with the proper reverence in the current world. There is a lack of reverence for the Mahavidyas because there is a lack of reverence for the healthy expression of the divine feminine principle. Of course, we are all born into Maya, which means that we are born into the illusion of unhealthy material attachment. But that doesn't mean that the material, active divine feminine world is inherently poisonous, and it doesn't mean that this aspect of the cosmos is inherently illusory. When we say that Maya is an illusion, what we mean is that our perspective on Maya has created an illusory condition where we misunderstand the lessons that the mahavidyas and other incarnations of shakti are trying to teach us. We are consumed by shakti rather than acting as a proper consort to her instead of being consumed by the poison of shakti, the goal of Tantra yoga is to take the essence of shakti actively through the material body, rising up through the chakras, getting closer and closer to the subtle world of the spirit, until you meet Shiva at the Sahasra, the crown. And once you do this, you can break the illusory understanding of the material world and you can see the true beauty of shakti. Now, when you are able to access the true beautiful expression of Shakti and understand her nature, you can explore her in her many forms without being consumed by her. And the mahavidyas are some of the most potent forms of her expression. Working with the mahavidyas is dangerous due to the potency of the dark mothers. They are raw representations of the ferocious power of Shakti in her many forms. And so it is recommended that if anyone wants to work directly with the mahavidyas in a yogic practice, they first go through the initiation of the right hand path, traveling up the spine and reaching Shiva, Once you have purified yourself in divine masculinity through the proper asceticism and you have released your attachment to Maya, then you can approach the mahavidyas in a direct practice. Now, that's not to say that the mahavidyas should be ignored until you reach that point. Because, as I said, they deserve reverence. Even if you don't understand the nature of their poison, even if they are destructive to you, you need to understand that your inability to access the mahavidyas is your own fault. You cannot blame the poisonous aspects of divine femininity on your own failings. These mothers are trying to teach you a lesson about how to maximize your power. Even if you never work with them, you should still respect them because they play a very important role in the cosmos. To bind them, to destroy them, to drive them out of your life, to drive them out of the wider culture, is a grave mistake. Because it means that you're cutting yourself away from the purest expression of one half of the cosmos. And therefore you trap yourself in another illusory state, which is illusory attachment to the clear light, to the divine masculine principle, to the solar principle. This is a condition that many practitioners of the esoteric find themselves within. They understand how to detach from Maya, but they don't know how to re embrace her once they have achieved that liberation from the material. So the ultimate liberation is not just to detach from from Maya. It is to find your way back to the mother and embrace her in her many forms so that you can be whole, you can achieve yoga, union within the self.