What does it mean to be feminine? If you're a man and you are docile, if you're patient and soft, does that make you a feminine man? No, it makes you a masculine man. Because masculinity is all about receptivity, order, bringing yourself into alignment with that which is passive. Because it is within the passive element that we unite with God consciousness. We are all born into a feminine world. Shakti. Shakti is a goddess in the Indian tradition that is a representation of the divine feminine. And there are many representations of the divine feminine, just as there are many representations of the divine masculine. Shakti is the foundation of everything in our current age. We are existing within the age of shakti. And in terms of yuga, we are existing within the Kali yuga, which is the strongest expression of the divine feminine as the foundation of consciousness, God. In terms of the overarching sovereign power that exists within the natural order of things in this age, God is a woman. God is a mother, shakti. And so we are born within the embrace of shakti. But that means that we are compelled by her. And in order to gain any sort of independence from the mother, we have to go towards the father. We have to go to shiva. If we don't go toward shiva, we exist in an unrefined state of femininity. Everyone who is born in this age is born feminine. Everyone. Now, we all have a natural balance within us, a dharmic balance of the masculine and the feminine. But you won't know what your natural balance is unless you reflect upon the nature of the self. Unless you go towards shiva and you find that contrasting point. Until then, you are controlled by your mother. You are controlled by the cosmic feminine force that is the foundation of all things in this land. And so you are in chaos, violence, raw expression of the material. Consumption, rending, individuation, poisonous ego. These are all aspects of femininity. Now, when I express these aspects of femininity in this manner, it seems as though I'm saying that the divine feminine is evil. It's suffering. But there is no such thing as good or evil. There is only the mother and the father. There is only individuation and oneness. And so if you have too much shakti, too much femininity in your natural balance, you'll be thrown off that balance. And if you stay off balance long enough, you will fall out of your dharma and you will become compelled by that force. It's the same with the divine masculine. If you fall out of your balance, you will become compelled by that force, the man who expresses compassion, softness, sensitivity, he is moving away from compulsion by the mother. He is advancing towards Shiva. He is advancing towards masculinity and transcendence. Now that doesn't mean that he has reached transcendence. He is still in a state of unrefined shakti until he can reach transcendence and gain control over himself. In the meantime, he is a bully. Because everything that is feminine has an intervening nature. To is the energy of the bully. It is physically conquering. It is the desire to express your will actively in the physical world. Because physicality is feminine. And this is in contrast to the passive contemplation in masculinity. So we are born into this feminine, urgent. And every time we approach activity, expression of our will, this conquering nature which is falsely labeled as masculine. In modernity, we are embracing the call of the dark mother. How can we make this work for us? Well, we have to recognize that we all possess the mother and the father within us. We all possess masculinity and femininity. And you can be a man and be extremely feminine by nature. Meaning that it is in your nature to embrace the carnal world, the physical world, physicality, the body, aggression. But you won't know if that's your nature until you practice yoga. Until you undergo the process of understanding yourself and your dharma. You can be a woman and be extremely masculine. You can possess an urge towards the intellect, towards spirituality, pacificity, contemplation. Yet you are still a woman. But once again, you won't know this. You won't know if this is your natural urge or if this is something that has been placed upon you from an external force. Until you know yourself. Abandon all propaganda and misunderstanding that modernity has given to you in regards to the nature of man and woman. In regards to the nature of femininity. Femininity is aggression. It is not the submissive mother or wife obeying every dictate of her husband. That is masculinity. That is the embrace of order and the passive nature. True femininity, when expressed in its purest sense, is chaotic, mean, aggressive, vicious, brutal, expressing total selfishness. Total embrace of the carnal, absolute embrace of sexuality with no mind whatsoever. This is the feminine urge. Now, knowing this, you can find a way to access your feminine nature and bring it into the proper balance with your masculine nature through yoga. And when you find this balance, you can express it with pride, with no moral consequence. Because you'll recognize that morality is a lie and the only thing that matters is power. Power to express what is your dharma. There is no difference between dharma and power. They are the same thing. And when you understand the true nature of. Of the feminine and the masculine, you can conquer the self. You can become autonomous, and you can relate to others in a way that brings you power and brings your loved ones power. And that is a beautiful life.