What does it mean to be masculine? Is masculinity defined by your biology? No, it's not. There are aspects of masculinity that can relate to the blood, but that's only a very small part of. Of masculinity. Masculinity is an essence that is ingrained in the design of the cosmos. Masculine expressions are related to Shiva. Now, Shiva is just one formation of the divine masculine. There are many, many formations of divine masculinity. But we use Shiva as an example within the Indian tradition because he represents the pure essence of divine masculinity as it exists, as it manifests within a world. Differentiation. Now, the purest, absolute, purest expression of that which is masculine is found in oneness. That is the origin, the source of the masculine. Shiva is not oneness. Shiva is an individuated being, an individuated expression of masculinity that also possesses elements of shakti, of the divine feminine and therefore has an individuated expression. We all have this combination of the masculine and the feminine within us. And the balance between these two things is independent. It is determined by individuated dharma. So there is no such thing as the real man that every man should aspire to be. If you are a man and you are expressing your balance, your natural balance, your dharmic balance of Shiva and shakti to its fullest potential, then you are a real man. Then you are a good man, a man in balance. But because the concept of masculinity has become so confused in modernity, we have now cartoonish representations of what it means to be a man. And more often than not, these caricatures of manhood are actually reflections of shakti, the divine feminine, rather than a healthy expression of the qualities of masculinity that we find in a figure like Shiva. So if the origin of masculinity is oneness, what does that mean? What does it mean to be masculine? We must contrast oneness with differentiation. Differentiation is shakti, that is feminine. Oneness is the ultimate expression of order. If everything is brought into order, that means that there is no conflict. Conflict is born from differentiation. So the ultimate masculine drive is order and the ultimate feminine drive is chaos. Now, the masculine drive towards order is contemplative. Contemplation is bringing us towards oneness, and action is. Is bringing us towards differentiation. So the idea that a man is defined by activity, action, expressing his will physically, this is upside down. Masculinity is about retreat, retreat from the physical world, application of self control, because it is through Control of the self, that we move away from Shakti, that we move towards Shiva. And you cannot express complete masculinity if you are giving yourself to action, because every time you take action, you are embracing the divine mother. You are embracing the feminine. Masculinity, when expressed with intensity, is extremely passive. It is without expression of passion. It is intellectual, it is subtle, it is spiritual. If you want an example of the most masculine man that you can possibly conceptualize, bring to your mind the image of an emaciated monk in an ashram in India who has given away all attachments to his physical body. His physical body being an incarnation of Shakti, the divine feminine. He has gone away from concern about the size of his biceps or how much raw meat he can consume each day, or raw milk he can drink, or if he can get just the right lighting in his picture to show off his abs on Instagram. That type of behavior, having pride in the physical body, becoming obsessed with the image of the physical body, taking action, lifting weights, working out, that's extremely feminine behavior. That type of behavior does require some degree of order in order to express it effectively, but at its core, it is feminine behavior. Masculine behavior is the embrace of that which is beyond the physical realm. This begins in the mind. Masculine behavior is the development of your mental faculties. And from the foundation of the mind, you grow in your masculinity by approaching that which is subtle, that which is beyond the natural world. Intense spiritualism, mysticism, bringing yourself into alignment with compassion and the embrace of unification, union with others. Because it is within this unification that we advance towards oneness. And oneness, as I said, is the ultimate expression of that which is masculine. Now I want to say one final thing about the expression of masculinity as it pertains to sex. So there's this idea that male sexuality is extremely animalistic and compulsive. This is not true. A masculine expression of sexuality is one that is in alignment with the divine masculine. It is an expression of self control, taste in the mind, subtle taste, connection to the spirit of sexuality. The most masculine expression of sexuality that you can possess is total abstinence, embrace of the carnal. This is a feminine thing. So these men who tried to prove their masculinity by having as much sex as possible with as many women as possible, they are behaving like unrefined women. This is not a masculine expression of sexuality. And in the act of intercourse, the man is attempting to connect with shakti. This is a process of union. So with masculinity being a receptive force. You would think that the man should be on the receiving end in sex. But of course that's not how sex works. The woman receives in sex. But why is this? It's because of the unifying aspect of sexuality. Sex, when it's good, should be yogic. It should be done with intention, with purpose. Pleasure is one intention and important intention of sexuality, very important. And most people never access pleasure in sex because they are compulsive. And there is no pleasure in compulsion. There is just slavery. Now this drive to connect with shakti, this is what leads men to become compulsive in their sexuality. Because if they can unify with women more and more and more, have as much sex as possible with as many women as possible, they might be able to connect with the dark mother. But of course they are just a slave to shakti. They are slaves to women. They live totally in compulsion to the will of women. Pick up. Culture does not liberate men. It makes them slaves to women. And the perception that women have in regards to the value of men. Men who want to express intense masculinity should undergo a process of intentional abstinence from sex in order to gain control of their base nature in shakti. And only then can they engage in sexuality with the type of intention that will allow them to exit their receptive nature in Shiva and embrace a healthy aspect of shakti when they give to their sexual partner in a non compulsive way. And this, this is the dharmic, healthy, powerful expression of male sexuality that allows one to understand the holistic nature of what it is to be a man or a masculine being. Sarah.