Why are people so attracted, obsessed with sexually provocative women? It's because they are Kali. The figure of Kali is growing in power. The cult of Kali has new adherents every day. Why does Kali possess such great power? Why does she draw people into her sphere of influence? Because this is her age. We are living in the age of shakti, the age of the divine feminine. And Mahakali is the fierce incarnation of shakti, the Mahavidya that is associated with the muladhara, with the seat of the physical body, the perennial. The raw, animalistic, mindless expression of sexuality and sex is an extremely powerful force. We are all born into unrefined shakti. We are all of the mother, born feminine. That doesn't mean that our biological sex is female at birth. It means that our essence is feminine at birth. Masculinity must be cultivated. Kali is powerful because the image of Kali, the. The blood soaked, sharp tongue, the naked body, the dance in the blood, the mindlessness of it, the carnal nature, this is tempting, enticing, it is intoxicating. People who are born into unrefined shakti are compelled to consume, consume more of the physical environment, use their body, reject the mind, reject order, become overtaken by werewolfism, lycanthropy, the embrace of the animalistic urge to have sex with no mind, to drink with no mind, to consume food with no mind. Kali represents this poison. She represents the bloodlust that is within all of you, every single one of you. You all possess this bloodlust. You are born into it. That is why when you were a child, you were totally selfish. Your only concern was your mindless advancement towards greater power. And that is what sets you off on an exploration of the physical. Most of us never leave the condition of childhood, this compulsive embrace of the mother. And so when we see a woman sticking out her tongue, rolling her eyes in the back of her head, tearing off her clothes, we are totally compelled by this image because this is the essence of the dark mother. This is the essence of Mahakali, the most poisonous aspect of blood that you can access. But is it evil? Are these women wrong, bad for expressing this? No, it is not evil. It just is. It is a necessary element of the cosmos that brings you the source of your pleasure. You could not access pleasure if it was not for this expression of fierce femininity that breaks apart the tyranny of oneness in divine masculinity. Yet it is still poisonous. It is poisonous and you will fall into addiction. You will become addicted to pornography. You will become addicted to the image of the feminine. You will become obsessed with women, totally compelled by them. And not just women, men as well, who are able to express the fierceness of. Of Kali in their essence. You will come under their rulership. Unless you learn to transform the poison of the dark mother into medicine. And you can only do that by going away. Away from the mother, towards Shiva, towards transcendence. Where the clear waters of the Sahasra clear away the mud, allow for clarity of the self and other. And it is at this point that you can drink from the skull cup of Mahakali. Consume the intoxicating blood in indulgence, not compulsion. And here you find that the women with the sharp tongue, the blood soaked body, they are medicine, not poison. Sam.