Foreign. The true identity of Yahweh has been concealed for many, many years. There is great confusion regarding who Yahweh is. Many people do not realize that the Jews were once polytheists. They believed in many gods, and these gods had different cults associated with them. Yahweh was one of many gods. And Yahweh was a storm and war God, a weather God, very similar to Zeus, Jupiter and Odin. In fact, Yahweh is the same God as Jupiter, Zeus and Odin. But Yahweh developed in a different culture, developed in Jewish culture. And at one point in time, Jewish culture was Aryan in nature. It possessed an Aryan spirit. And there were equivalent gods in the Jewish pantheon to the Greeks, the Romans, the Scandinavians, and many other European spiritual systems. And one other significant similarity that gives the Jewish polytheism its Aryan characteristics is the idea of a patriarchal God that was usurped by the weather God, by Yahweh, so that he could reign supreme. The patriarchal God in the Jewish pantheon was El. Now, El is very similar to Cronus or Ymir or Saturn. And there's great confusion regarding the nature of Yahweh. Many people believe that Yahweh is Saturn or Cronus, but he is not. He is Zeus. The reason why there's this confusion is because El became a generic word for God amongst the Jews. And once the cult of Yahweh became dominant, Yahweh was referred to as El. He usurped the throne. He became the one true God of the first monotheistic Abrahamic faith, which was called Yahwism. So what is the significance of this? Well, Yahweh is, as I said, Jupiter, Zeus, Odin. He is a fatherly figure, a patriarchal deity. And in the Jewish system, when the Jews were in captivity, they began to worship Yahweh exclusively. Yahweh convinced the Jews to throw out the rest of the pantheon and including Yahweh's consort. And he became the one dominant deity within the Jewish system. And that is when you have the birth of Yahwism or Abrahamism. Now, this caused a major shift in the nature of the Jewish spiritual system. Because Yahweh now being dominant, there was no longer a spiritual balance within the system. There was no longer the interplay between the masculine and the feminine. The divine masculine became entirely dominant. And everything was oriented towards a distorted idea of transcendence as well as a distorted idea of immanence. Imagine if Zeus was able to shrug off the rest of the Greek pantheon and Become the dominant force. Imagine the kind of decadence that that would breed. Well, that kind of movement towards a patriarchal dominance within the Aryan systems is beginning. What happened to the Jews, the loss of their Arian spirit. That is also happening within the Hellenistic tradition, within the Roman tradition, and especially within the Norse tradition. If you pay attention to shifts in the culture of Asatru, you will notice that there is this recent move towards Odinism. Now this is very interesting because Odin was once regarded as a very untrustworthy figure. My Scandinavian ancestors viewed him as someone to be held at a distance, as a sort of manipulative figure. Now Odinism is becoming a very dominant ideology within Asatru, specifically within the right wing orientation within Asatru. And Odinism is Yahwism. It is the same exact ideology. It is the idea of fully embracing the Father, or in this case the All Father, and throwing aside the rest of the pantheon. Now within Asatru, this complete shift towards full embrace of Odin has not yet reached its zenith as it did within the Jewish spiritual system. So there is still lip service given to the rest of the gods in the Norse pantheon. But there is this increasing obsession with the solar aspect of the Norse pantheon, with the divine masculine. And there is great fear of figures like Loki or Fenrir, Helen. These are all figures which are seen as very Satanistic. Satan represents the lunar or the divine feminine aspect, the imminent and active shakti energy that once existed within the Jewish pantheon. But this aspect has been demonized, has been presented as something that is evil, something to be suppressed and thrown aside. All people must submit to the Father, to Yahweh. Yahweh was once, as I said, just one of many gods. And he was able to convince his cult to follow him exclusively. And the intense dedication of the cult of Yahweh allowed this entity to gain great power and spread throughout the globe. This same shift towards the dominance of the patriarchal figure is happening within Asatru. Within Hellenism, there is this push to fully embrace the divine masculine and demonize the divine feminine. Loki is now seen as an evil figure in a system that should have embraced non duality. Dionysus is now also beginning to take on this Satanistic imagery, this connection with the adversary. And that is appropriate because the figure of Christ within this Yahwism, within this Abrahamic system, is itself a solar image. Christ is the sun, Christ is Apollo. He is the shining figure, the good son of God who does his bidding. There is this allegiance between Yahweh and Christ in Order to mystify the people and bring them into the dissolving light of the sun, to create a slave morality where you must submit to this extreme, oppressive light, this clear light, this Nirvana. But as I said, it is a distorted image of Nirvana. It lacks the balance of a true Aryan system. If you want to see an example of an Aryan system that preserved that balance, look to India. Within India, there was a deity that named Indra, who was once the chief of the gods, the chief of the Vedic pantheon. Indra is the same God as Zeus or Jupiter, Odin and Yahweh. But Indra lost his position as chief of the gods because just as Yahweh became decadent, Indra also became decadent. But rather than a massive cult forming around Indra, preserving his power, there was a shift away from Indra and new gods were formed. This was the death of the gods. This was Ragnarok. And after the passing of Indra, as chief of the gods, you had the rise of Shiva, Shakti, Vishnu. These are new gods. These are the Tantric gods. This is the living expression of the Aryan spirituality that has been made manifest within new symbols within the elevation of the divine feminine Shakti. This shift towards a living tradition was suppressed throughout all of Europe and of course, it was completely destroyed within the Jewish system. So in Scandinavia, you did not have the rise of a Tantric system because the influence of Christianity led to a full embrace of the divine masculine aspect, the solar aspect, the worship of Yahweh in the form of Odin. The same thing occurred within Greece with the elevation of Zeus and in the Roman tradition, with the elevation of Jupiter. There was a massive undertaking by the Abrahamists within Europe to cut out the living tradition, to destroy the sacred sites of the European people and enforce this new image of Christ. And most people conformed to this new religion. They conform to Christianity, which is just an extension of Yahwism. But some tried to preserve their ancient traditions, although, as I said, they were influenced by this shift in the culture. Unfortunately, the same thing has even happened within India now, where the influence of Islam has led to an elevation of the divine masculine aspect within the new Tantric gods. Shiva and Vishnu are almost always elevated above Shakti. There are hardly any true Shakti sects within India. And in fact, my own yoga school is the only living example of a true Left Hand Path Shakti tradition within the West. So where does this leave us? We have a dominant divine masculine solar cult in the form of Yahwism, which has spread throughout the globe and it has influenced most Aryan traditions. We have a shift towards a cultural manifestation of Yahwism within the Scandinavian tradition in the form of Odinism. And the same thing is occurring within Hellenism with the elevation of Zeus. This is a tendency towards a rejection of balance, of a recognition of differentiation, the need to have both the divine feminine and the divine masculine within one complete system, a tantric system. How do we restore that balance? We must shift the momentum away from the solar aspect. We must give our bhakti, our energy, our praise towards those symbols which represent the adversarial aspect. This means that if we want to fight Yahweh, if we want to escape this blinding light that seeks to dissolve our ego and crush our will into nothingness, we have to give our praise and give our bhakti to the image of Satan. Satan is the inversion of Christ, the inversion of Apollo, the shadow of the sun. He is the black sun. And the image of Satan can be found in every great Aryan tradition. In Scandinavia, you have Loki. Loki is the adversary. He is the black sheep of the family, the disprivileged son, the one who feels the angst against a father who has reached a point of decadence, who now must be shoved aside. We must find the death of the gods. Ragnarok, Loki, he's the only one who possesses the power to bring about this Ragnarok, the shoving aside of the old ways. That which has died and is no longer useful to us. The dead leaves in the tree must be shaken off. That is the symbol of Ragnarok. That is the death of the gods. We need a renewal. We need the birth of new gods within these traditions. We need the rise of the divine feminine in the form of shakti, but a culturally appropriate manifestation of these forms. We need a shakti for the Norse, for Hellenism, for the Roman tradition. All of these great Aryan traditions must find this renewal that occurred in India. And we must do so against this oppressive cult of the sky. Father. That's not to say that the image of Odin or Zeus or even Yahweh is inherently evil. There is no such thing as evil or good within an Aryan tradition. There is only that which is good for you and that which is bad for you. And there's a big difference. This moralistic dualism is something that came about because of the perversion of the right hand path, the perversion of the left hand path by Yahwism. There's this, as I said in the beginning of this video, twisted transcendent aspect and imminent aspect to Yahweh. Yahweh is a dissolving force because Yahweh demands obedience. He is a jealous God. He cannot stand a rival. So you must submit to Yahweh if you want to be seen as a redeemed being, if you want to achieve this state of bliss, this false nirvana. But of course, this isn't real transcendence. This isn't Aryan transcendence. This is just submission to a minor God. Yahweh is not this all powerful force that he portrays himself as. This is a lie that that is being told in order to bring people into submission, bring people into this blinding solar cult and his son, Christ, Apollo, is just an agent of this solar cult. He's there to mystify you, to bring you in to the magical circle and bind you in the clear light. But of course, there is this imminent aspect as well, because as I said, this is not a truly transcendent figure. This is a figure that is imminent. Just as Zeus, Odin and Jupiter are imminent figures, so there is this preservation of the body. There is this idea that after death, within Christianity or Islam or any of these other systems that have been influenced by Yahwism or are born from Yahwism, the idea is that you are going to be given a new body. Your ego will technically continue. But it is not a true preservation of the ego. It is not a true preservation of the will. You only exist as a hollow version of yourself. A slave to Yahweh, a slave to the sun, where you will sit in obedience for the rest of eternity. This is the trap of the tyrannical Father God. And it is something that must be resisted. The only way that we can resist this is to bring the sun into its rightful place, to block out the sun so that we can have a moment of rest from the blinding light and regain that balance. The only thing that can block out the sun and bring us that rest is the lunar aspect, the moon, Satan, Loki, Dionysus, the black sun.