Because yoga is essentially the term for magic within the Indian tradition, within the ancient Aryan tradition. So when I speak about yoga, this encompasses many, many different things. It can encompass asanas, obviously, but also it could encompass Western incantations. It can encompass ritualistic blood magic in Shinto. All of these things are potentially yogic practices, depending upon how they're employed. And ritualistic drug use is, in its own way, a path to yoga. This does not mean that all drug use is yogic, obviously. But there's certainly a place for drugs within yoga. Just as there's a place for anything that exists within the cosmos, within a yogic practice. Because yoga is something that is perennial and is open to all dharmas. So one thing to remember when I'm discussing drugs within yoga tonight. Is that it is the dharma of certain individuals to take an approach to yoga. Excuse me, that incorporates drugs. Just as it is the dharma of some yogins to abstain from all drug use in their practices. So we're going to talk about how that kind of intertwines within the right hand path and left hand path. But the first thing we're going to talk about is drugs as a pathway to altered consciousness. So it's important to understand that drugs themselves are not a means of controlling in a willful manner the experience of altered consciousness. Unless you recognize the initial intention of taking the drug as being an element of control. So, for example, if you are practicing a summoning ritual in any magic tradition. And you know that this specific being that you are trying to summon has some association with a unique drug, then you could set the intention to have much more imminent and immediate access with that being if you know how to utilize the drug properly. So this is a means of control because you set your intention in the beginning. But the thing about drugs is that once you have taken the drug, it is immediately having an influence in some way on the means by which you experience consciousness. And you have to recognize that when. When you're in that state, your methods for controlling the experience are going to be filtered through the effect of the drug. So, for instance, if you are consuming alcohol as part of a ritual, you have to recognize that meditative states you enter in whenever you are sober are going to feel quite different. And this is because the alcohol is going to place you in a muladhara state. And even if you already are in a muladhara state, it's going to intensify some elements of that state for the most part. And we'll get to how to prevent that later in this Lecture. But essentially drugs are a vehicle to altered consciousness and they are unsubtle. So that's an important point to remember. Unsettled. So drugs are an unsubtle means of accessing altered consciousness. And what this essentially means is that because we're using an imminent substance, this is something that exists within the material. In order to access altered consciousness, we are not calling upon the unification element directly. So this is not a contemplative approach. Even though drugs can put you into a contemplative state, the drugs themselves are all imminent. They are active. So when you are utilizing a drug, it is inherently a Left Hand Path path, excuse me, expression in terms of practice. Now that does not mean that drug use will automatically lead you towards the ultimate goal of the Left Hand Path. It only means that drugs can put you in a condition where you can experience an altered state. And then it's up to you to set the intention of where that state leads. So this is quite different from subtle approaches to yoga. With the subtle contemplative approaches to yoga, you are specifically pursuing an altered state of consciousness through contemplation. Now, contemplation in, in its purest sense is a meditative exercise that is rooted towards the right hand. So it exists within mind and spirit. And in order to experience a pure version of contemplation, you have to be without an imminent approach. So, or at least as far away from an imminent approach as possible. Now we know that we exist within a material form and within the Kali Yuga, the body is the foundation, because the body is the foundation. That means that when we are seeking any type of connection with the spirit, we are always experiencing it in a very subtle way. That's the only way we can experience it within this paradigm of consciousness. But the more we strip away the imminent, the active reduction of external and internal stimuli, that is the closer we get to the spirit, that is the closer we get to transcendence and to, and to a feeling of contemplation or detachment. Now that is the approach that we take when we are first entering into a yogic practice. We always view drugs as being an unsubtle, imminent expression. But once we start to recognize the difference between drugs as compulsion and drugs as indulgence, that's when we can begin to understand that there are alternate uses for drugs in yoga that are a bit more occulted. So with the Right Hand Path, we are trying to eliminate as many compulsions as possible. And we do this so that we have access to certain stimuli that may offer us Power. And we can indulge in that stimuli. And indulgence means we have choice. So drugs are a very explicit representation of this within Yoga. Typically on the right hand path, you would totally abstain from any type of drug use. And you would experience altered consciousness. And as you experience these various states of consciousness, you would begin to understand how to navigate those altered states. And this is how we practice kundalini. Now, with some forms of kundalini practice on the right hand, you are actually utilizing as much of an immanent expression as possible. And the reason is, is because there is a dissolving element to the immanent expression as well. And drugs play a very important role in this. If you take the approach of the Agori, for example, the Aghori, they utilize imminent practices with great extremity. So they do things like consume human flesh, they make jewelry out of human bone, and they live in cemetery grounds. And one of their main practices is the consumption of various drugs. So when they're worshiping Mahakali, they're consuming alcohol. When they're worshiping Shiva, they're consuming marijuana. And when they consume these substances, they're doing it with a very unique intention. And this is the one of the primary means of integrating drug use into a right hand path practice. It's the recognition of all substances as being part of a oneness, a monistic point. So within the practice of the agory, there is a bias within the cyclical understanding of time, with the monistic point being prime. And so therefore, if they're using marijuana or alcohol in ritual worship, they're not doing it with the intention of enjoying the experience. They're doing it with the intention of removing their attachment from the experience altogether. And so drug use in the right hand path, in order to remove compulsion, there are those, specifically the Aghoris, who partake heavily in drug use, any drugs they can get a hold of. But they do it as part of a kind of a reverse ascetic practice where everything must be dissolved. And if they can remove their attachment to the experience, if they can practice the necessary meditation to forcibly put themselves into, let's say, a Muladhara state with alcohol, but then not act upon anything that would lead to self destruction, they are basically numbing themselves, desensitizing themselves to the stimulation. Now this is not a recommended practice for anyone who intends to achieve imminence on the left hand path as part of the ascending and descending practice. The reason is because when the Aghoris take this approach of desensitizing themselves to any type of indulgence. They're doing it in a way where they're trying to understand everything as being without material differentiation. And it's this intention towards an absolute rejection of the material that requires a very extreme practice. So you cannot practice this properly unless you live like the agory. You must abandon society completely. You cannot exist with this, your embrace of poison on the right hand path and maintain a job or a family or really any type of positive social interaction. Aghori's are outcasts completely from society because they simply cannot function within society when they're taking such a radical approach to transcendence. So there are those who have attempted to utilize drugs in a manner similar to the agori in order to achieve transcendence, but they always come up short. And the reason is, is because they're not incorporating all of the other elements of radical monism that the agories incorporate. They're trying to rely on drugs completely. And this does not offer the type of holistic approach that is required in yoga. Because as we know, yoga is union, it's unification. And if everyone approaches unification from a non holistic strategy. So for example, just using drugs and it's thinking that you're going to have some experience that will radically alter your perception and lead you to transcendence, or just attending an asana class once a week or something like that, and then believing that this will somehow radically alter you. This is not how you approach yoga. Yoga is an entire lifestyle transformation and drugs can certainly play a part in that, but it cannot be the only means of accessing altered consciousness and self realization. It's important to distinguish between the use of drugs in a compulsive manner and actual ritualistic use of drugs and proper incorporation into yoga. So what I want to talk about now is the idea of drugs being used in black magic. Just touch upon this briefly. And I want to also note once again I mentioned this earlier, but these topics, all of these points that we're discussing tonight, they could be split into multiple lectures. So this is just a brief overview and I do plan on diving in to great detail with each of the points that I mentioned tonight. But I just wanted to give kind of a general view of this issue and then we will start to really hone in on some of the specifics. So black magic is a very important element of drug use within yoga. We are actually seeing black magic being practiced on a massive scale with the use of drugs all over the world. Now whether this is being practiced with full realization that it is ritual magic, or not doesn't really matter. What matters is that the methods are being applied and the people who apply these methods believe those methods have power. So at some level there is magic occurring. And essentially drugs have been incorporated into a mass program to alter the consciousness of the public and guide them towards a condition that, that is preferable for certain power centers. So, for example, a very easy to understand, but usually difficult to recognize application of black magic through drugs is the use of caffeine in order to control populations within post capitalist societies. So for example, in the United States, caffeine was heavily promoted in the marketplace in the form of coffee typically, but now also in the form of energy drinks and, and other other substances or other modes of delivery. They, they've heavily promoted caffeine because it creates a condition of consciousness that is very manic and impulsive. And for most people there is not a deep understanding or any understanding at all of the nature of consciousness. And so they don't realize the consequences of consuming caffeine as a means of altering your consciousness so that you can exist within a prevailing system. Most people who drink coffee or energy drinks are compelled to do so to some degree because they feel that they are reliant upon these substances in order to complete their work, in order to have the energy to exercise after work. And so these substances contribute to the reactive, fast paced environment within a capitalist system. And this is a form of ritualistic magic. You are actually bewitching people whenever you give them a substance with the intention of driving them towards any type of controlled behavior. So for example, if you want to increase productivity in a population, you give them caffeine or you give them amphetamines, which was actually popular in the 20th century. Amphetamine pills for housewives. So this is an example of how black magic is utilized on a wide scale on a social level. But also there are many uses for, for drugs in personal black magic. There are certain ways that you can utilize drugs in order to force someone into an altered state of consciousness. And then whenever they are in this state of consciousness, you can apply an understanding of that altered state in order to direct someone to your will. So this is common in, in very imminent blood magic and in voodoo and in some forms of South American voodoo. There's a specific strain of datura that is utilized in order to create something called devil's breath. And you may have heard of devil's breath, but it is a drug that when it is, when you breathe this drug, you put the powder on your hand and you expose the target to this drug. And it essentially zombifies the target almost immediately. And they are then at the will of. Of the magician. So there are many stories of devil's breath being used on people. Where they cleaned out their entire apartment of all their belongings, Loaded it in a truck, and sent the robbers on their way. And had no idea that they were doing this at any point in time. So you can see the. This is just one example. Of the intense power. That can be wielded by that type of imminent blood magic. And drugs are, for the most part, linked to that type of imminent magic. As I said, there's very little ultimately transcendently oriented magic. That utilizes drugs. Because the goal is to call upon the power of subtle space. And the best way to build that connection. Is by removing as much of the material as possible. But certainly there's a very strong place. For the use of drugs in highly imminent magic. And that brings me to drugs in rooted consciousness. So this is our final topic for tonight. And when we talk about rooted consciousness, what we are really in as it relates to drugs, what we're really honing in on. Is the energetic nature of the drugs themselves. And what that means for our practice. So there are many, many examples you can give. Of drugs that are associated with a specific state of consciousness. And I've been exploring these various connections between drugs and consciousness. I've been researching this for a very long time. Of course, whenever I was very young, I was exposed to many drugs as part of my initiations. And in the ritual practice. I identified how some of these altered states. Impacted the flow of the ritual. And one thing to remember when we are considering rooted consciousness is. Is that there are certain deities or certain forces that are associated with rooted consciousness. And if we are developing an understanding of the chakras. And we want to know how to access a specific force more effectively, what we want to do is we want to incorporate as many elements as we can. Into the practice. As is appropriate to our dharma. So if we have reached a point of transcendence. Where we are no longer compelled to utilize a specific substance. And we understand how to navigate the effects of that substance. And we can indulge in that substance. As part of either just the pure satisfaction of the substance. Or in application towards a higher goal, Then once we have reached this point, Then we can begin to consider how we can utilize those drugs occasionally in our ritual practice when it's necessary. So if I want to access mahakali, for example, I know that traditionally, and by examining the iconography, Examining the mythos and the living tradition as well. Within India. I know that alcohol is associated with the Muladhara and Mahakali is associated with the Muladhara as well. And so if I want to gain access to that power, I want to operate from Muladhara consciousness and perhaps I want to magnify that state of consciousness. So I will also consume alcohol ritualistically. I might conduct a blood ritual due to the connection between Mahakali and blood as Prana, and I might even utilize water in order to act as a further conduit, connecting point between the blood and the spirit. So this is just an example. And alcohol is a really good example because, I mean, it's even known as spirits. It is a way of connecting with the spirits in a very material sense, in a very bodily sense. There's many other drugs that we can speak of that are more oriented towards the contemplative aspect, like marijuana being associated with Vishudi consciousness and directly carrying a direct association with Shiva. Also, when you think about the experience of the clear light or ego death at the Sahasra in the highest levels of the ascending path, dmt, many people who have used DMT will report that they have had a clear light experience or a living death, an ego death as part of the trip. So these are all examples, just some small examples. And in the future, I do plan to address each state of consciousness on an individual level and describe the use of specific drugs within those states. But that's something that we will explore at a later time. All right, so that's all I have for you all with the lecture. And I would love to hear any questions that you may have, questions or comments. Sa.