So what exactly is Gnosticism? And why would someone claim to be a Gnostic? I have encountered a large number of people who claim Gnosticism, but rarely do I find an individual who has perceived the implications of Gnosticism to their final conclusion. And so I believe it is extremely important to describe just what Gnosticism is so that people who are interested in becoming a Gnostic can understand the karmic implications of taking that stance. Gnosticism is a form of occult Jewish magic, and it is one of the highest forms of occult Jewish magic. Now, what do I mean by highest form? Well, essentially, Gnosticism is a means of accessing the highest level of ascension within the Jewish magic tradition. There are layers of Jewish magic. It is pyramidal. And Gnosticism is a means by which the magician can access the final conclusion of the pyramid, the capstone, or what is beyond the capstone. And I say beyond the capstone because the conclusion of Jewish magic is the absence of materiality. It is the complete and total rejection of the divine feminine principle. And that is what occurs at the end state of Gnosticism. So within Judaism, you have the unknowable God, and this is different from Yahweh. Yahweh is some knowable form of the force that we call God. But Yahweh is not the final stage of Samadhi, of meditation that you seek. In Jewish magic, that final state is nothingness. It is the monistic point where all form dissolves into the abyss, into nothingness. And that state of nothingness, the state that the Buddha refers to as nirvana, this is the final end stage of Gnosticism and in fact, all Jewish magic, because everything leads back to the ultimate expression of divine masculinity, which is nothingness. The divine feminine is form, and the divine masculine is formlessness. So Gnostics view any expression of the divine that carries form as an illusion. And the ultimate expression of the illusory nature of the divine is Yahweh, who is the demiurge. Now, there are other expressions of the demiurge, and it really depends on what sect of Gnosticism you ascribe to that determines what aspect of the demiurge you recognize. But basically, anything that is not that final expression of divine masculinity, where everything dissolves into nothingness, where there is no good, no evil, no black nor white, no male or female, just pure God consciousness. Anything that is not that pure God consciousness, that is some aspect of demiurge. And so the goal of the magician is to resist attachment to form, you must resist the tendency to recognize any individuated expression of being as possessing the qualities of God, because these forms are just illusion. So you can actually draw some similarities between the Gnostic perspective and the Dakshinashara Ascending Yoga. Because within the Right Hand Path, the Ascending Yoga, we are trying to detach from form. And when we detach from form, we are able to reach Nirvana, which is that Samadhi that grants us access to transcendence, divine masculinity in the Vamashara Left Hand Path. But the goal of Gnosticism is not to reach Vamashara, it's not to reach the Left Hand Path. It is just to ascend and dissolve, dissolve completely, lose all material form. Because there is ultimately a pure morality in Gnosticism that is based upon the principle of anything outside of formlessness being a fallen state. So Yahweh, the God of the Bible that claims perfection, is seen by the Gnostics to be an imperfect being and therefore not an accurate representation of divinity. Now what is so sinister about all this is the fact that individuals who react to the condition of the law which is inherent to any father cult, may view Gnosticism as some means of escaping the confinement of Jewish law or Jewish magic tradition. But in fact, by taking it upon themselves to resist the Demiurge, they are just speeding up the process towards dissolution. And so you can view Gnosticism as a net that captures those who possess some sort of rebellious tendency against Yaoism. And instead of those individuals directing their will towards Vamashara, the Left Hand Path, divinity of the Self, and recognition of Shakti, or the Divine Feminine principle, as the basis of creation and individuation. Instead of embracing the Divine Feminine, there is a radical rejection of the Divine Feminine. And the karma that is accumulated in this life is ultimately directed towards dissolution of form. Even if the Great Work, and that's what it is, it's the Great Work. If the great Work of the Gnostic is not carried to its conclusion, the karma that you accumulate in this incarnation, in this life, if you draw your awareness towards Gnosticism, will carry on to your next incarnation and you will be swept up into the Great Work. Now, Gnosticism is at the foundation of many different occult organizations that are ultimately working towards the rejection of yhwh, not because they fundamentally have a problem with Abrahamism, but because they believe they have found the key to understanding the real God or the real self. And of course you cannot know the real God, you cannot know the real Self, that is the fundamental dictate of Jewish magic. If you were to know God, you would cease to be. You would no longer have any point of contrast that would allow you to recognize the difference between you and God. All things would dissolve into nothing. Now most people want to cease to exist. Most people do not want to dissolve into formlessness. Yet this is where they are directing their karma. And that has a deep influence on the life of a person. Because your prana is now being thrown into the abyss. It is not being cultivated in such a way that it feeds. Soma grants you access to the eternal expression of youth. It is not life affirming, it is life denying. And so you have bound yourself up into an even deeper expression of the divine masculine law, which, as I said, is the foundation of this morality, this intense puritanical seeking of death, of nothingness, of the void, of blackness and destruction that is at the heart of Jewish magic and is most potently expressed within Gnosticism. So this is not a value judgment concerning whether Gnosticism is good or evil. I don't believe in good or evil. But this is a warning to those who want to take up the banner of Gnosticism in search of the true God. What you are actually drawing your consciousness towards is complete annihilation. And if you can recognize that and you choose complete annihilation of the self, then so be it. Seek that. But if you are practicing Gnosticism because you're seeking some sort of divinity of the self or empowerment of the self as an individuated form of consciousness, then you should abandon that practice altogether and seek some means of escaping the binding of Jewish magic that does not require you to submit yourself in totality to God the Father.