So originally I was going to talk about the life of Yukio Mishima, the great Japanese novelist. But there have been plenty of people tell the life story of Mishima from a basic historical perspective. So I don't want to do that. I want to do something more than that. I want to get to the essence of Mishama, the esoteric significance of him. So instead of just recounting historical details about his life, I'm going to go over just a few aspects of Mishima's life, and then I'm going to talk about his esoteric twin, James Dean, and how these two relate and the concept of the rajas, life and death. Because both of these men are very similar in the way that they capture passion Rajas. They are both rooted in the anahata, and they express a certain will towards the quality of life over quantity. That is something which is sorely lacking in our contemporary culture. So let's just start with Mishima. Yukio Mishima was born on January 14, 1925. His birth name was Kimitake Hiraoka, but he took the name Yukio Mishima as a pen name around the age of 16. He was very aware from an early age the aesthetic significance of art, specifically from the point of inspiring passion. Now, in his youth, there was this strange dichotomy between a softness and a very intense struggle that he had to face, specifically in regards to his relationship with his father. So Mishima was born into a Japanese aristocratic family. He had samurai blood. And within this aristocratic family, Mishima was very aware from an early age of the significance of class or caste from a metaphysical perspective. So this was encouraged by his grandmother, Natsuko, who took him away from most of his family and was his primary caregiver for his early years. She had a direct connection to the Tokugawa Shogunate. So this is reinforcing the aristocratic nature of Mishima. And she was incredibly overbearing. And she encouraged Mishima to pursue a very reclusive life. So Neshama became a very frail child, very bookish boy. And this continued until maybe his early teens, when Azusa, his father, who was an extreme disciplinarian, had a stronger role in the raising of his son. And so Mishima's father was very concerned about the perceived effeminate nature of his son's interests, because in Japan at that time, if you were a male, you were encouraged to pursue physical activity and pursuit of the arts, specifically something like writing or poetry. This was considered to be problematic because you were considered to be acting in a very effeminate manner. And Mishima's father tried to essentially beat the supposed effeminate nature out of his son. For example, he would take Mishima to the train station and he would hold him up to the passing trains as they sped by. He would put his face right near the trains to try to make him into a man, to scare the bookishness out of him. And this had quite the impact on Mishima. If you think about this dichotomy between his very soft and overbearing grandmother, who encouraged this sort of like reclusive existence, and then his father, who was very active and promoted this almost like shakti approach to life, this caused a great awareness of the extremes of life within Mishima. And so at some point in time, Mishima made a decision to embrace heroic life. Now, there were many influences beyond the upbringing of Mishima that led to this decision. And perhaps the greatest influence was Mishima's interest in classical sculpture. So when Mishima saw the physical form of Greek sculpture and he reflected upon the nature of the gods, the Aryan gods, something stirred within him. It was a call to action. Prior to Mishama developing this interest, he wrote about in his great book sun and Steel, the moment when he realized that he had become far too introspective. And he talked about how his dark, cold room where he would read had become almost like a prison cell for his spirit. And if he was going to escape that mind loop that he had placed himself within, that self denying tendency, he was going to have to break free and embrace the heat of the sun, the imminent sun, the black sun. He was going to have to draw down the power of the sun in order to feed the soil and give birth to this new crop within him. And he began a very intensive process of bodily transformation. Specifically, Mishama took up a weight training program which he kept for quite some time, very long time, with the goal specifically of crafting a body that would be worthy of the gods. Mishama wanted to present himself as Greek sculpture. And so there is an aesthetic element to what he's doing that is not just rooted in the material, but also reaching for the spirit, trying to gain access to the Aryan gods through transformation of the body. This is Tantra. Mishima was taking a tantric approach to realizing the self. And through this process, he began to identify things about Japanese culture that were disturbing to him. So, for example, Mishima was a Shintoist. Shinto is the pagan religion of Japan. It is the Aryan tradition represented within the Japanese social body. And Mishima realized that the Pagan spirit. Japan was being stifled, squashed and abandoned. And he saw the end of World War II with the removal of the deification of the Emperor of Japan as being sort of like the great apocalypse moment of the Japanese spirit. It was Ragnarok for the Japanese. And it was at this point that Mishima felt that the gods had been rejected by the Japanese people. Because in his perspective, we. When Japan surrendered to the United States at the end of World War II, this was more than just a material surrender. It was a spiritual surrender. If it was up to Mishima, the Japanese people would fight to the death. Every last man, woman and child fight to the death. Because for Mishima, life is not just about the immediate dimension of consciousness. Life is about the accumulation of the necessary karma to be an honorable representation of your ancestors, your gods, of yourself, ultimately. And this was sorely lacking in the Japanese people, according to Mishima. Mishima looked to the past, to the samurai spirit, to Bushido. And he saw within the samurai spirit the kind of beautiful embrace of the extremity of life, of passion, of the rajas that he held within himself. And so Mishima utilized the written word through his novels to influence the passion of the Japanese people, to represent his feelings towards what was happening within Japanese culture. And he took direct action to influence the course of Japanese history. So Mishima formed something called the Tatenokai. So the Tatenokai is also known as the Shield Society. And the Shield Society was Mishima's private army. This is something that you don't just do in Japan nowadays. You know, you've got rednecks in the United States who form militias that could basically be considered a private army. But in the Svada, Stana, social body of Japan, where the etiquette of personal behavior is held to be a very, very important element of one's life, Mishama kind of went out of his way to shock people, which makes sense because he was rooted in the Anahata, or is rooted in the Anahata. Mishima is still alive, just not in our present dimension. But Mishima possessed the elemental nature of electricity. And so with the formation of something like the shield Society, he was injecting power, electricity into the public. It was flowing through everyone. Mishima garnered a lot of attention, and he was held in high regard for his writing. And also young Japanese people who were sickened by the rise of the global homo capitalist Americanization within Japan, they looked to Mishima as a source of inspiration so that they could transform their own lives and live heroically. And Mishama was very aware of the influence that he had. And so at the age of 45, Mishama decided to do something very, very shocking. He collected four members of the Shield Society, and he traveled to Camp Ichigawa, which is a military base in central Tokyo, and it is a headquarters of the Self Defense Force within Japan. And I'm going to list the names of the four members of the Shield Society who accompanied him on his mission out of respect for the really incredible thing that they did. And that was Masakatsu Morita, Masahiro Ogawa, Masayoshi Koga and Hiroyasu Koga. These four men, along with Mishima as their leader, set up a meeting with the Commandant, Kanatoshi Mashita. Mashita accepted this meeting because Mishima was held in such high regard. And so Mishima, dressed in full uniform, entered the camp, went into the headquarters, went into the meeting space, and proceeded to tie the commandant to a chair and barricade himself in the room with four members of his Shield Society. He then went to the balcony of the headquarters and delivered a speech to members of the Self Defense Force who had gathered, as well as members of the media. And during this time, Mishima rolled out large scrolls describing his demands for his coup d'. Etat. Because Mishima was trying to impact, as I said, the course of Japanese history. And he gave a rousing speech, some of which was drowned out by helicopters and screaming. There were some people who were supporting Mishima, some people who were mocking him, but he continued with his speech. And in his speech, he spoke about the failings of the Japanese people. To live up to the power of their ancestors, to live up to the samurai spirit. Mishima wanted the Emperor to once again claim divinity and re. Establish the empire of Japan, throw out any agreements with the Americans, rearm the Japanese people. He was in favor of the Japanese people having their own atomic bomb. And why not? They should, because they're the only nation that's ever had to suffer the consequences of the atomic bomb. So of course they should have their own atomic bomb. And Mishima was trying to bring together the soldiers, the military class, the kshatriya of the Japanese, and guide them towards a revolution. But of course, the Japanese people, their spirit had been beaten down so much by this point that no such revolution occurred. And so Mishima returned to the office of the commandant, and he committed seppuku, ritualistic suicide, by taking a short sword, stabbing it into his abdomen, pulling it to the side, spilling his guts, while a member of the Shield Society struck his neck with a Katana. Unfortunately, or maybe fortunately, depending upon your perspective and the nature of the mythology of Mishima, these first few cuts with the katana did not go all the way through. So another member of the Shield Society stepped in and finished the job and decapitated Mishima. Ritualistic suicide, seppuku. This is something that samurai would perform for centuries within Japan if they felt that they could no longer live honorably, they could no longer live with quality. It is an act of affirmation of the will towards quality and consistency within one's life, within one's dharma. Now, this was very shocking to the Japanese people for someone of Mishima stature, and he had recognition worldwide for his writing. For someone of his stature to do something like this, I mean, it had an impact that continues and will always be a part of Japanese mythology. It has influenced Japanese people in such a way, what Mishima did, it cannot be undone. He performed a spell. It was anahata magic. He shocked the people by performing suicide. But of course, anyone who followed Mishima's writings carefully and observed the course of his life would not be surprised by the way he chose to end it. Because Mishima was always obsessed with the idea of heroic death. He had novels that incorporated the concept of heroic death. He wrote a screenplay for a film, a short film that included an ending scene with a man committing seppuku. He was obsessed with the idea of living with quality and not growing old. He felt that if he grew old, he would lose his beauty, lose his luster, and it would taint his legacy in some way. And so here we have the connection, the esoteric connection between Yukio Mishima and the American film actor James Dean. James Dean was one of the greatest actors who ever lived. He only made three films, Rebel Without a Cause, east of Eden and Giant. And in those films, he revolutionized the way that acting was presented in film. Because James Dean was a very authentic man in the way he expressed his art. He took a very Anahata approach in his craft. Prior to James Dean, within Hollywood, there was really a deep focus on the sort of acting for the stage, but through film. And James Dean took a different approach. He presented himself through raw, honest emotion. Very much a method actor in that way. And so when you watch those films, those. Those. Those three James Dean films, when you watch those, you can see this really incredible interaction between Dean and the other actors who are still stuck in this old way of trying to represent the formal stage in film. Dean didn't do this. He would improvise. He would throw people off he would just do weird things. And to see him operate in his own world within these films is really an incredible thing to witness. But James Dean was obsessed with the idea of living a passionate life. He had strong rajahs, and this came out in his acting, but it also came out in his love of music and his love of race cars. James Dean was obsessed with driving fast. He had a Porsche that he called Little Bastard. This car was really a great love of his, and he loved to drive it fast. And one day, on his way to a race, he drove it a little too fast and he died in a really violent car wreck. Now, he was very young, in his early 20s, when he died, and this had a major impact on Mishima. Mishima was really obsessed with American pop culture. He loved what we would call trash TV now, and he loved film and he really loved James Dean, because James Dean represented to him that kind of eternal youth, that spark of passion, the embrace of life that he was trying to cultivate for himself. And he actually wrote a short article about James Dean and the concept of heroic death. And I'm going to read an excerpt from that that gives us a really good idea of where Mishima was at in his relationship with that rajas nature, that passion of James Dean. Mishima wrote, there was a lot of talk about whether James Dean's death was a mere car accident or a suicide. At the very least, I think we can all agree that no one who isn't dreaming about death can ride a Porsche through every last red light on his way to a street race. To borrow a phrase from Hugo von Hofmannstahl on the tragic fate of Oscar Wilde, it's wrong to drag everything down to the level of a case of disaster. I'm sure what Dean was gunning for was something he'd been after his whole life, something he was born to chase. His tragic death was, in fact, a consummate victory. So you see here Mishima is describing James Dean as being the perfect artist. Artist in the sense of someone who embraces life itself as art, as a great drama. And James Dean, in the eyes of Mishima, was a man who died with purity. He was untainted by the marketplace. He was able to create the films that he wanted to create, doing it his way. And Mishima believed, rightly or wrongly, that if James Dean had lived to old age, he would have been tainted. He would have been dragged into the muck and mire of the Hollywood system, and they would have transformed him into something that he's not. But because James Dean died at the height of his fire, with the bonfire raging, that glow, that light will glow forever. He gained immortality. He passed on into the next plane of existence with perfect purity. And Mishima, by committing seppuku at the height of the transformation of his body, left behind a similar flame.