A Critical Analysis of Julius Evola's Revolt against the modern world. Chapter 1 the Beginning Evola's preference for transcendence over immanence is revealed in the first paragraph of this chapter. In discussing the two natures, Evola champions the state of pure transcendence over any material manifestation. The material is presented as an inferior manifestation and modern civilization is given as the ultimate expression of the inferior expression of the cosmos. According to Evola, truth is not found in the material expression. The material world as represented by modern civilization is considered to be Maya or illusion. In the Transcendence of Maya, Evola pierces the illusion and discovers the so called true world. Tradition as understood by Evola is the path of transcendence. It is the framework that allows for the systematic orientation of the self with the divine. The divine is the transcendent point that is elevated above the material illusion. Operating from this perspective, Evola identifies materialism as the source of anti tradition. He is deeply concerned with the progressive rejection of non material experience. It is from this foundational understanding of the antagonism between materialism and the transcendent that Evola critiques the cult of scientism. In modernity there exists a trend of critical analysis of materialism from a point of materialistic methodology. For example, the Marxist critique of materialism relies on a materialistic perspective. This creates a critical loop that disallows the individual to identify the transcendent elements at play. Evola specifically identifies this critical loop as a source of degeneration within academic circles. Any attempt to critique modernity from the position of material analysis is considered by Evola to be a self defeating exercise. Experience beyond the physical senses is a hallmark of traditional culture. Such experiences are rightfully identified by Evola as being essentially absent within modernity. These experiences have retreated to the subtle expression of social interaction and self reflection. Evola notes that nature has been reduced to an expression of the material as opposed to the transcendent understanding of the natural world that was present in the world of tradition. It is important to distinguish here between the concept of pagan immanence, the divine in nature which Evola rejects, and the transcendent nature that Evola identifies in the ancient traditions. The key difference is how the individual relates to these two natures. The pagan embraces nature as divine manifestation, whereas Evola sees nature as an illusory manifestation of the divine, a mere reflection of to be overcome on the path of transcendence. The pagan nature is defined by Evola as the world of becoming, whereas the transcendent nature is defined as the world of Being is described by Evola as inherently superior to becoming. Evola sees becoming as the activity of man, whereas being is the state of the gods. All that is dark and demonic belongs to the world of becoming, while all that is bright and divine belongs to the world of being. In the eyes of Evola, only those cultures that are oriented towards Being may be considered traditional. In this chapter, Evola expresses a conception of Dharma that is not in agreement with the Tantric tradition. Dharma is expressed as that which is in line with divine being. Those who are oriented towards those natures that Evola considers to be inferior are labeled as adharmic. This is a dualistic understanding of Dharma. The dualistic nature of this interpretation is made quite clear when Evola compares the Eastern understanding of Adharma with the Christian concept of unredeemed nature. The unredeemed nature is that which is not oriented towards toward God, with the Abrahamic God representing pure transcendence. In order to achieve a state of redeemed nature, Evola recommends the practice of asceticism. The only ascetic practices that he considers to be legitimate are those which are oriented solely towards the divine. Evola identifies liberation as the goal of ascetic practice, with liberation defined as the rejection of all that is human. In developing an understanding of Evola's perspective on asceticism, one may identify an unflinching dedication to the right hand path and a total rejection of pagan immanence. Those who associate Evilah with pagan traditionalism failed to recognize that he had far more in common with those occult forms of Abrahamism that emphasized the rejection of the material in favor of a total return to the Godhead.