The past is just like anything else in that it should always be used to empower the self and never to undermine the self or make you feel bad about yourself. Shame is just a distraction. It is an attachment to suffering. So long as you possess shame, you will be distracted by suffering. When shame comes to you, do not become angry with yourself. Do not allow it to gain a foothold. All that matters is that you are doing your dharma. Shame should not be the foundation for change. It should only ever inform the development of a healthier foundation. You must always act from a foundation of self affirmation, not self degradation. If you want to build strength in others, you must empower them by encouraging a healthy foundation for change. Shame is never a healthy foundation. If you want to be released from suffering, you must let go of fear, doubt, anger, apathy, sadness. All of these things that nail you to suffering. Should you experience these emotions? Yes, but they should not define you. Do not water your soil with these emotions. Only water your soil with things that enrich your foundation. And then the seeds will grow into beautiful creations. Have you ever made a mistake? Have you already poisoned your soil? Dig it up, throw out the bad foundation and start again. Have you grown a beautiful tree in healthy soil, but have decided to start poisoning its roots? Stop. The tree is strong. Its roots are strong. It can turn that poison into medicine. But you must feed it pure things as well. Do you see someone poisoning their soil with bad water? Maybe they don't know where the water flows from. Try to show them the source of the water. If they have bad soil, try to help them dig it up and replace it with something new. Every healthy community should be built with good soil and clean water. You should help your neighbor to keep his trees healthy. You should not throw poison on his trees. Most communities are full of people throwing poison onto each other's trees. This is one of the reasons why society is so rotten. The soil is rotting from all of the attachment to suffering and failure to realize the power in love and compassion.