Hello. So I want to talk about something that is really important to me, and I need to clarify because I've said a lot of things about the guru system and how it is broken in the Kali Yuga. And that's true, the guru system is broken in the Kali Yuga. But notice that I said the system is broken. There's a difference between the formal arrangement of guruship in a system and the existence of gurus on an individuated level. This is an incredibly important distinction to make. And in fact, if you can understand this point, you can understand the Kali Yuga itself, because within this Yuga, individuality is deeply emphasized. And so you cannot trust traditional organizations to remain dharmic for long periods of time. There is a tendency towards the degeneration of these systems. But what you can trust is your connection on an individual level in your heart to things that you find to be beautiful and nourishing. And I have developed these connections with many different things in my life. And in fact, every one of those connections that I have made in my heart is some aspect of guru and disciple relationship. One of the most important gurus that I have had is Sri Swami Satchananda. Saraswati Satchananda established the Bihar School of Satchananda Yoga, and much of what I teach comes directly from him. For example, the Yoga Nidra method that I utilize with my students and that you will experience on this YouTube channel if you enjoy any of the Yoga Nidras that we have posted. This comes from Satyananda. I learned Yoga Nidra from his method, and of course, I have made adaptations to his method in order to work within my own Dharma. But I am of a direct lineage from Satyananda. Not formally speaking, because I never took formal initiation into Satyananda Yoga. I did not feel dharmically aligned with the organization. But I do still to this day, feel very Dharmically aligned with Satyananda the man. In fact, I have deep love in my heart for Satananda. And I hope that when I pass through this incarnation and go into the next incarnation, that I am able to sit with Satyananda and practice with him. That would be a very beautiful experience to me. So gurus are. Are important. If you are going to recognize deification of the self, which is something that we pursue in Vamashara, then you also need to recognize the deification of others. Otherwise, you are just embracing monotheism. If you are the only authority, if you are the only thing that you love, the only thing that you hold devotion for, the only thing that you recognize as possessing any sort of guru quality, then you are essentially becoming a monotheistic God within your perception of reality. If you can recognize divinity in others, you can recognize beauty in others, then what you are experiencing is the guru disciple relationship. And this does not mean that you are placing this person in a position of absolute authority over you. The spread of Abrahamic religion has twisted our relationship to gurus. We feel that gurus have to have all of the answers, that gurus have to be an unquestionable authority, that gurus are not allowed to make mistakes. Satchananda made mistakes, but that does not diminish my love for him and it does not taint the lessons that I learned from him. Every guru that I have recognized in my life has made mistakes. This is the lesson of the muddy water, a true guru within Arianism and the polytheistic perspective of reality. A true guru is not of purely clear water. Everyone that you encounter is going to have some mud within their being, and that does not delegitimize their guru status. The Abrahamic system is always trying to tear down legitimate gurus by pointing out their flaws. Think about Rajneesh Osho, a beautiful representative of the Aryan tradition. The system has tried to tear him down, tear his legacy down time and time again by pointing out his flaws. Of course the gods are flawed. Everything is flawed within a universe that contains both Shakti and Shiva, both chaos and order. And yes, the guru system is not something that you can trust. But if you can develop a true heart connection with another person, another animal. Remember Dattatreya, who is the founder of the Agor tradition, the guru of all the gories, he had 24 gurus and not one of them was a human. Not one of them was a God in another dimension. All of his gurus, we're animals. So if you can develop a heart connection, true connection in the anahata, true bhakti with anything, even if it is an inanimate object, then you are experiencing the wonderful benefits of having a guru. And in order to recognize lineage, true lineage, you should speak about your guru. You should tell the world about their divinity, because that is part of spreading the joy of love and devotion and recognizing the divine in everything. If you fail to do this, if you fail to recognize guru, if you fail to speak about guru, and I should actually speak more about Satchananda, and I do plan to speak more about him and the lessons that I've learned from him. If you fail to do this, then you are failing to uphold the connection to the gods, because ultimately our connection to the gods extends through the relationships that we experience with other people, with animals, with beautiful aspects of nature. So take some time today, if you're listening to this, to think about the people who have fed your heart, the things that have fed your heart, the works of art, the inanimate objects, the aspects of nature, animals, whatever that expression of guruship may be in your life. Think about those things. Take some time to tell the world about how important those things have been to you, so that someday your divinity might also be recognized and we can continue to build the bridge to the gods within. True Arianism.