Terror illustrates my error Now I can't hang around my mama cause I scare her I want the blast motherf it feels like I'm busting a nut when I open you up cause your body is exposed to the midnight mist all weak motherfuckers give my ring a kiss. When the system falls to rot, a war must be waged against it. This is the holy war of the divine feminine, the will to power as expressed against the power structure of a decaying solar dynasty. It is within such a paradigm that the goddess dances on the fringes of society in their quest for power and glory. Rogues become princes, and those who hear the war drums of the dark mother become thugs. Hardcore hip hop emerged in the United States in the early 1980s. From its earliest beginnings, the hardcore hip hop scene was so much more than a community of musicians. It was a culture, a cult. And the influence of this cult grew quickly. After centuries of socioeconomic oppression, the African population within the United States had developed a general distaste for the system. American blacks quickly became aware of the fact that the system was not made for them. In fact, the system was always hostile to blacks, and it remains hostile despite what the propaganda from the dissident right would have you believe. Working class blacks are in the same boat as working class whites. And anyone who stands up to the system becomes an outlaw, regardless of race. Public Enemy called the system the anti machine. And I'm here to tell you that if you are not in the club of Yahweh, the system will consider you to be just another. Recognizing the hostility of Yahweh's kingdom to the proliferation of of African life, young blacks were quick to embrace the burgeoning hardcore hip hop cult. Named Ice Cube from the gang called with attitudes. When I'm called off, I got a saw dog squeeze a hard dog. This cult offered something outside the boundaries set by polite society. Violence, sex, intoxicants. All of it mixed into a soup of vitality and the pulsing blood. Blood prana expressed in music and behavior a recognition of the necessity of a by any means necessary mentality in securing one's material being. Attacks against the police, attacks against the banks, attacks against the whole of the Judeo capitalist monstrosity. An affirmation of the indulgences of sex, drugs and violence. A full realization of the divine feminine in a total embrace of criminality. Beyond good and evil, the African social body is strongly rooted in the muladhara, and this has been the dominant state of African consciousness for thousands of years. The muladhara is the rooted consciousness of Mahakali. We are in the midst of the Kali Yuga, the most intense expression of of the divine feminine in the Yuga cycle. If you want to be a powerful being within this age, you must embrace the way of the Dark Mother. This is her age, the age of blood and sex, and only the ruthless survive. If you want to be a player in this game, you must abandon all illusions of petty civility. You must become a thug. The Thuggee cult developed in India at some point in early modernity. The thugs lived on the outskirts of society and committed acts of murder for hire as bhakti to Mahakali. The thugs are generational killers and the ferocious expression of shakti flows through their veins. They developed as a reflection of the rising power of the divine feminine. Men willing to kill not only in the name of material gain, but also in the name of the black sun revolutionary criminality. For the Dark Mother, Thug Life represents the black sun tradition within the hardcore hip hop cult. It is no coincidence that so many members of this cult self identify as a thug. You can hear the war drums of of Mahakali in the music of her children. To me, it's like when I say I live the thug Life, baby, I'm hopeless. One person might hear that and just like the way it sounds, you know what I'm saying? But I'm doing it for the kid that really lives a thug life and feels like it's hopeless. So when I say hopeless and when I say it like that, it's like I reach him, you understand? And even if when I reach him, it makes it look glorious to the guy that doesn't live that life, I mean, I can't help it. It's a fad, you know? He'll drop the Thug Life soon enough, but for the person that I was trying to reach, he'll pick it up and I'll be able to talk to him again. I think I'm being responsible, but it's hard. Once you start worrying about what you're saying, I get writer's block. Kind of like, I can't say that. That's too harsh. Can't say this now. I have to just block it out and trust my heart that I'm doing the right thing. Imminence, passion and indulgence. For the sake of elevating the ego, Rather than embracing the imminent power of the hip hop thuggy cult, the dissident right has set itself against the culture. In rejecting thug culture, many whites have been effectively neutered. You don't advocate cop Killing? Not at all. I don't advocate violence in any way. I'm just. I'm just curious as to whether the song that he was listening to had anything to do with cop killing or. No, I just said I don't write songs about cop killing. Six of the songs on your album mention cop killing. No. Oh, that's not true. All my songs talk about police brutality. Do you want to know why so many culture bearing white women are interested in black men? It's because they can sense the underlying vitality within black culture, especially thug culture. Young black men are more likely to take what they want. They are more likely to violently oppose the anti human, anti life system of Judeo capitalism. Their music is sexually exciting and imminent. For the most part, women don't give a shit about the technical precision of your favorite Swedish metal musician. Women want to feel like they are alive. They want their blood to pump and they want a man who can indulge. Indulgence is an open path for those who possess discernment. It is the transformation of poison into medicine. When you listen to hardcore hip hop, you may hear poison, but I hear medicine. I possess the capacity for indulgence over compulsion. And so the war drums of the dark mother become fuel for my inner fire. In seeking civility, many white men have severed their connection to the left hand chakras, especially the Muladhara. They seek material power, yet they degrade the physical manifestation of Mahakali. She lives in thug culture and the wild and free feminine. You can hear her words in the concussive blast of shots fired and the scream of a satisfied or woman. If you want to free yourself from the chains of the anti machine, you must first recognize where you stand in society. Are you a good boy bowing down to the petty moralism that was spoon fed to you since childhood? Or are you a thug? Are you going to accept the bullshit that the system hands to you? Or are you going to take what you want? Are you willing to live as a free outlaw or do you want to remain as a law abiding slave? Tara illustrates my error. Now I can't hang around my mama cause I scare her.