The New Age movement is rife with predators, and that's no surprise to me, because the dominant ideology within the New Age is pure transcendence, this degenerate form of the Right Hand Path. And within the New Age you have those individuals who have learned how to take the transcendent idea and use it to crush the will and ego of their followers and create a malleable population of people to feed on who do not possess the ability to fight back. One perfect example of a New Age guru who has assumed this position as a parasite is Leo Gura. If you haven't heard of Leo Gura, he's a popular New Age mystic who runs a website called Actualize.org Leo is a perfect example of the application of the transcendent solar cult and psychedelic black magic in the suppression of his followers. He's created a group of people who are unable to think for themselves, unable to stand up for themselves because he has so effectively demonized the ego, demonized the expression of individual will. And through this black magic, he has created a flock of sheep. And these sheep bring him gifts. They give him all the money he needs, and they fulfill his ego. Because like most Right Hand Path gurus, Leo Gura really is an egoistic person. He really does possess a very strong ego. He only pretends not to, much like his daddy Yahweh. He is this adharmic, parasitic creature who uses his position of power in order to crush others instead of build them up. He doesn't want to see differentiated beauty in the world. He wants only worship of him. Leo Gura, like most transcendently oriented New Age gurus, is obsessed with this idea of love. But his idea of love isn't a well defined idea. It is a very nebulous idea. It is an idea that can be applied to pretty much anything. And it is really rooted in this transcendent ideology where there is no difference between, let's say, for example, a child or an adult. Now, on the surface, this might seem like a benign idea. We would just love everyone, and there's no difference between anyone. We're all God, we're all God consciousness. I am you and you are me. But when you apply that within a differentiated material world, what you end up with is people who can't see the issue with something like an adult having sex with a child. Because after all, there's no difference in their mind, we are all just God, right? Or we are all just Leo Gura. So if Leo Gura decided to have sex with a young boy, he's just having sex with himself. Right. See that's the insanity of the transcendent culture. And this type of ideology has led to a lot of abuse within Western Tantra, this degenerated form of Tantra within the New Age. So I practice traditional Tantra yoga of the Left Hand Path. And that means that I use the material world in order to explore the cosmos and explore consciousness. That is the true essence of Tantra. But in the West, Tantra has been degenerated into this new movement of so called sacred sexuality where these Right Hand path transcendent oriented gurus use a lot of fancy terminology in order to convince people to throw away their ego, suppress their will and allow their guard down. And then from that position they exploit these people often sexually. And there's a lot of really abhorrent sexual abuse that goes on within the sacred sexuality New Age Tantra movement. There's also a lot of abuse that happens within the psychedelic culture of the New Age. Psychedelics are being used as a form of black magic now by these solar cults, these solar witches who use drugs like 5 Meo DMT in order to create ego death. And once ego death is achieved, these individuals who have experienced this loss of will, this loss of ego become very malleable. They become very open to suggestion. And they are preyed upon by these vampiric people within the New Age movement who may or may not actually believe in their own transcendent ideology. They just use these symbols, these Right Hand Path symbols, these symbols that have been presented to us as something very benign or even benevolent. They use these symbols and, and this idea of nirvana in order to entrap people, in order to convince them to take these drugs ritualistically and become involved in this active attempt to crush the ego. And of course the ego is something that protects us. It's what gives us pride. It what, it's what allows us to recognize self value. And if we do not see value in ourself and it's very easy for us to become a victim. This is what has caused entire nations full of people to submit to slave morality. It's this rejection of the ego, submission to this higher authority or submission to this idea of nirvana and an escape from the material world. What I'm saying is you need to affirm your ego, you need to express your will, recognize your value as an individuated form of consciousness, as a differentiated form of beauty. And once you are able to cultivate your will, cultivate your beauty, you'll be able to recognize these parasites within the new age. These people who want to destroy you, destroy everything that is beautiful about your individual consciousness and use you in order to bolster their own narcissistic ego.