The Vishudi is the place of chivalry, knighthood, bushido, the samurai. It's the place of the law, the word, the order that is upheld by the sword. In Western esotericism, I have connected the sword to the Vishudi. With the sword, you uphold the law, the ward, sorry, the word, the. The mental matrix. You cut through the bullshit and establish grounding in the mind. And with the sword you make a point, you make your intellectual point and you stand by it. And you create your armor, your cold armor that you utilize in order to navigate the world. This is part of your matrix. This is technology, all of the great technology that we find in modernity. This is an aspect of the Vishudi. It's a beautiful aspect of the Vishudi. But it becomes self destructive when we do not combine it with the other elements of the self. When we do not approach things from a holistic standpoint, the whole thing becomes degenerated. It becomes a self destructive mess, an absolute maelstrom of total bullshit. And so what we need for the world to reach some semblance of healthy mind is for the warrior spirit of the Vishudi to be cultivated once again. All of those neck beards you see in Gamestop, they're supposed to be knights. All of those Ichabod Crane looking in universities all throughout the globe, they're supposed to be samurai, but instead they're ronin. They are masterless samurais because they don't have a system that's worthy of upholding, they don't have a king worthy of following, and because they lack a society that is worthy of defending. What do they do? Their armor rusts, their sword dulls and their bodies atrophy and their mind atrophies. And they seek out stimulation of the mind in surrogate activities like video games. The reason why video games are so popular is because these men and women who are supposed to be nightly people need adventure. They need to feel like they're accomplishing something. They interact with these fantasy worlds that create conditions that they wish they could see around them, but unfortunately do not exist in the wider culture. But guess what? They do exist in pockets. They do exist in subcultures, and they do exist in countercultures. And this school is one such counterculture that upholds the. The healthy expression of the mind, which is represented by the night, which is represented by the samurai, and which is an aspect of the mind that I will see reborn on this earth if it's the last fucking thing that I do.