Foreign. Needs one sixth of our oxidized blood. When you stand on your head due to the gravity, liquid finds its own level. So without any injury, because arteries have that power, have the valves to contract and pump the blood so it does not disturb at all and it oxidizes the whole brain cells. And that's why it is known as the king of all Asanas. Sheer shasana or headstand is one of the final postures in the RTT yoga sequence. Performing headstand is undoubtedly impressive to the incapable onlooker and imbues the yogi with a sense of accomplishment. However, there is a deeper purpose as to why and when this posture is performed. Headstand has historically been referred to as the king of all asanas. Though it is considered an asana or posture in the modern day, headstand has been referred to as a mudra. In the past, the Hatha Yoga Pratapika speaks of a substance called ambrosia or nectar that's secreted from the Bindu Visarga. Bindu visarga literally means the oozing point of the nectar drop. It is said that at this particular point a tiny amount of fluid forms. It's like a tiny drop. This nectar begins to flow downwards and in the course of the lifespan it is consumed by the lower centers and old age is incurred. However, this process is not inevitable. This nectar has the capacity to enlighten the individual consciousness. But for that to occur, the consumption of the falling nectar must be averted and assimilated into the body. If this is accomplished, consciousness in the body becomes enlightened and the body does not undergo the fate of mortal flesh degeneration, decay, old age and death. It follows another path. As a result of the assimilation of nectar into the body, cellular preservation and rejuvenation take place. When the yogi practices Sir Shasana, they engage in what is known as the reversing process. The yogi is allowing the lunar center, the Bindu chakra, to release its immortal nectar without being burned up by the Manipura chakra or the seed of the sun. Reversing blood flow flushes the face with oxygen, providing the yogi with a glowing skin complexion. The individuals with high or low blood pressure and neck or back injuries should avoid headstand for obvious reasons. And that is the beauty here. What happens here? The lunar system is working. In that lunar system, when it is working, solar is quite lunar supplies the energy because it is based on the base of the brain. Due to the resting on the base of the brain, the central nervous system also gets suffered. Headstand will enlighten you. Not only does headstand reverse blood flow, but it also reverses our perception of the world. Headstand directly impacts the crown chakra located at the top of the head that deals with our spiritual perception. Performing headstand is magnetically attractive to occultists and to anyone drawn to the world of ideas, though they may not know it consciously. One can feel the bizarre and curious nature of headstand just by looking at it. Foreign is placed at the end of the Rtt Hatha Yoga sequence because it reflects the reversed pyramid of the self. During the Kali Yuga. In Tantra, the self is conceptualized as a tri part framework consisting of body, mind, and spirit. Depending upon the Dharma of the Age, a specific part of the self becomes dominant. This may be visualized as a pyramid with the dominant part of the self forming the base and the most subtle aspect of the self forming capstone. In the Major Satya and the major Tretya Yugas, the base of the pyramid is formed by the spirit. The spirit is dominant, therefore the spirit is immediately perceptible and acts as the foundation of consciousness. The mind rests at the center of the pyramid and the body sits at the top. The body is only perceptible to those who make the effort to access the subtler aspects of the self. During the Dvapara and the Kali Yugas, the pyramid is reversed. The body acts as the foundation while the spirit sits at the capstone. The reversal of the pyramid of the Self is symbolized by the Star of Vishnu, which also depicts the principle as above, so below. The position of the pyramid of the Self in relation to the Major Yuga may be divided into two master the Age of Shiva and the Age of Shakti. During the Age of Shiva, contemplative energy is dominant, while in the Age of Shakti it is the active energy that is dominant. In contemplation the universe is conceptualized and in action the universe undergoes creation and destruction. The Major Satya and Treyya Yugas belong to the Age of Shiva, while the Major Dvpara and Kali Yugas belong to the Age of Shakti. These master ages are directly associated with the tradition of the Flood. The Flood symbolizes the shift from contemplation to action conceptualization to creation and destruction. The Age of Shiva is the antediluvian age, while the Age of Shakti is post alluvian. The Flood represents the filling of space with creation and destruction. It is the point at which the conceptualized universe becomes the material Universe we are practicing Salamba Sirsasana or supported headstand. Begin by resting the forearms onto the floor mat or blanket. The elbows should be forearm distance apart. Interlock the fingers tightly and place the crown of your head into your hands. Be sure to place the crown of your head on the floor, not the forehead and not the back of the head. Lift your hips and straighten your legs. Begin to walk your legs in towards your head. Pay attention to your body here. If you currently possess the shoulder and abdominal strength, your legs should naturally begin to lift off the ground. For beginners, it is advised to lift the knees first, bringing your hips above your shoulders. Then, if you feel secure, begin to straighten your legs on the exhale. If you're struggling to balance, you can remain in dolphin posture for a prolonged period of time. This will help you build the muscles necessary to perform headstand. The more you perform this, the easier it will be for you to balance on your head. As you build strength in your arms and abdomen, you'll be able to feel yourself naturally float up into headstand and it won't be such a struggle. Part of Hatha yoga is learning to be in tune with body. With that being said, if you feel any pain, stop doing the asana. There is no reason why you should be trying to rush yourself into an asana. In fact, I think it's actually better to take things step by step, even if you feel like you may be able to perform the asana right away. Asanas are meant to be performed meditatively, so if you're rushing into a posture, you're not only missing the point, but you're missing a lot of the benefits and you increase the risk of hurting yourself. Foreign we appreciate you watching our breakdown of Shirshasana or headstand. If you enjoyed the information presented in this video, just know that we'll be releasing a lot more content like this. We plan to release an Asana breakdown video for every posture in the RTT Hatha Yoga sequence, as well as educational content surrounding the topics of Tantra and Sanatana Dharma. However, until then, thank you for watching and remember to live your Dharma.