Bald. He's bald. Bald. He's bald. I hope they don't hit me again. Bathrooms in here. Why you go. Why don't you just go home? This is Philadelphia. We don't have bathrooms in here. Tradwives can bake bread, but can you vacuum the Confederate flag blanket in the van? This is a public service announcement for all of you people out there to stop calling my boyfriend schizophrenic. He's not making stuff up. He's 100% right, and I believe him. Can you clean up so you can't see all the junk in the back of the van? I don't think so. Everybody's like, oh, what's your lineage? What's your lineage? Well, we have a guru. Yeah, we had a guru. His name was Sri Durasal Atari Mukbang. And you haven't heard of him because you're. You don't know anything. So this is raw steak. And I'm not eating this for any political purpose or because I'm on a special diet. I just can't find a place to cook this. So I'm gonna eat it like this. I've been on the road with my consort, not my wife. She's not my wife. She's my consort. Pole pot looks better. Pol Pot. I look like Pol Pot. Back consorts. I have been on the road with my consort for about a year and a half now, and actually, I've been on the road with her since we met. That's what directs the signals back up after it's reflected off the surface. Why do I feel like there's something actually legitimate to this? We decided to go on the road because we wanted to be free. We wanted to be liberated from the system. And through that liberation, we wanted to gain access to the power that would allow us to make art that is entirely genuine. Because when I bought that lubrication for your mother, I realized that I wasn't putting in the hard work, and the hard work is working extra hard. Gas station. Hello. My name is Schuyler Miller, and I'm running for the presidency of the United States of America. I want to talk to you today about an encounter I recently had with this nation's greatest threat, the boomer. I was walking through a Goodwill looking for some cheap products because I don't have any money thanks to the boomers wrecking the economy, and I accidentally brushed into a boomer woman's cart. When I did this. You know what she did? She screamed out in pain. She went, free Israel, free Palestine, free. Big Mac with $1 purchase. Download the McDonald's app now. To be who we are without compromise. And unfortunately, that type of genuine expression is just not accessible if you're existing within the system. My name is Johan Sebastian Skiesgard from. The Norwegian remote CNN office at Gaza. They're literally dropping anvils on our Jewish baby. You could taste it. You can find momentary expressions of it. But if you want it to be your life 24. 7 genuine artistic expression that encompasses every experience that you have from day to day. You have to divorce yourself from the system entirely. And that's what we did. And it was terrifying. It was scary. But we empowered each other to do it. We believed in each other and we used each other as a source of strength. This union that we created gave us the heart to proceed. Proceed into the wilderness like so many have done before us and hopefully many more will do after us. So how did we go on the road? We bought a Toyota Sienna, which is great. It was a great van. And we ripped out the middle seats and we ripped out the back seats. We put a Japanese futon down on the floor of the van, some shelves. We put all of our things, which wasn't much because we sold a lot of things. We released ourselves from material attachment in order to gain freedom. And we went out on the road, traveled all across America. We saw things that most people will never see because they have a whip cracking at their back. They are tied to a clock moving from one place to the next, and they never have any time to stop. And turned their life into meditation. If even a small fraction of the population of the west took that great leap into the wilderness, went out on the road, the creative power generated by that mass activity would be enough to crumble the slave system. Living in a van was a great challenge, but it was very exciting. It was a beautiful experience. Seeing a small town, for example, with the freedom of movement that we had access to, we were able to expand our awareness of the environment to such a degree that it transformed our consciousness. Going into the wilderness is something that yogins, saints, witches, people have done this for thousands of years because it's on the outskirts of acceptable living that you really gain access to the full picture. And from there you can really understand your place in the world. Now, almost all of you watching this could do what we did. If you really wanted to, you could do it. You could do it one week from now if you really wanted to. We did not have a lot of money when we started this journey. We had a dream, a shared dream of pursuing our dharma as artists, creating ride the tiger, yoga, the school, and putting everything, everything that we have into it. We knew we would succeed, even if success was not just as we pictured it in the beginning of the journey. If you pursue your dharma with total dedication, a totally open heart, you will succeed. If you want to know yourself, you've got to get out from under the boot of the system. You've got to get those claws off of your throat. And you can do this. You have to look around at all the resources that are accessible to you. The cosmos provides everything that you need to free yourself. You just have to be willing to pursue it. You have to have the guts, you have to have the mind. You have to have the heart. All of these things, they have to be aligned so that you can take the necessary steps to free yourself. Look around at all the shit that you own. You probably own a lot of shit that you don't need. What good is all of that bullshit if you don't know yourself? How can you even relate to those material things properly? How can you relate to the people in your life? Your friends, your family, anything? Until you understand who you are. This system is not going to allow you to understand who you are until you can sever yourself from it. Now, it's not necessary that you go out on the road to do this. You can free yourself from the system inside of a prison cell. But if you can create physical separation from your workplace, from social conditions that bind you from any sort of systemic responsibility, if you can do this, it's a fast track to liberation. And it's fun. It's fun to go out west. It's fun to chase the horizon. It's fun to see new things, especially if you can share it with a beautiful person who you love. Look at all the things you own. You can sell these things. You don't need these things. What you need is yourself. Everything that you need to be happy you were born with. So look at all these material things. Sell them. Buy a van. It doesn't have to be a fancy van. If you want it to be really nice and have a lot of convenience, that's fine, too. You have to work with the resources that are at your disposal. Anything will do, just as long as it's functional at a very base level. So find a van, tear out the seats, put in a bed, hit the road. There are public resources all across this country that you can gain access to. And if you live somewhere else in the world, you can find a way. Nature will still Provide for you if you learn how to live with it instead of against it or outside of it. Do not alienate yourself from all of the beautiful resources that the gods have laid out for you. If you have family members or friends that you can stay with for a while while you find yourself, do that. If people are willing to help you, you should take the help. If you were born into money that allows you to be separated from the system and work on yourself, you should utilize those resources. Don't develop survivor guilt because that's what holds you back. Make use of all of the resources at your disposal, even if they're resources that might disgust you at first glance. There's this concept within tantra called ushista, and this is the leftovers. The leftovers are taboo. Most people don't want to touch these things because they're dirty, they're scary. But if you can get over your fear of that which is left over, there is a whole new world of resources at your disposal. Like for example, dig through the trash. If you have to. Do whatever it takes to find what you need in order to build a new life for yourself, you don't have to be a slave. You can do this. You don't have to have a lot of money. You can do this. Just go. Don't wait. You will always come up with new excuses to stay in your present condition. You will always come up with new excuses to go to the job that is draining you of all vitality every day. And never take a chance to pursue your dreams. You should pursue your dreams. It doesn't matter if you have material success in pursuing your dreams or not. Just taking action is enough. You will find a way to integrate your dreams into your life and make them a reality. To some extent, it doesn't have to be what you expected when you first go out on the road. You can always go back to your job or some other job. You can always go back to the mechanics of the system. But the thing is, if you spend time away, even if you go back into the mechanics of the thing, you're not part of the system anymore. Your soul will belong to you. So if you're in a cubicle, if you're behind a cash register, if you're sitting in a prison cell, someday, the time that you spent in total embrace of liberation, that will introduce you to your soul. It will purify your soul. And that's something that you can carry with you until death and beyond. And no one can take it away from you. But you have to start now. And I can promise you, if you make this decision and pursue your dharma, a totally open heart, you will find happiness. Action. I'm a man going my own way on the road everywhere I go Carry a heavy load Got nowhere to put it these girls don't understand When I'm dropping off my load have to use my hand Gas station masturbation I've been dropping red pills in every state Every time I touch my myself I think of Andrew Tate I'm a top G and a king with my brown skinned girl Maria Then she went and left my house When I brought up white Sharia Gas station masturbation.