How's it going, brother? Dude, it's going fucking great today. Having a badass day. How about you? Doing all right, man? This Mercury retrograde's got me a little funked out, but I'm chilling. I'm good. Really good. I'm good. Yeah. Yeah. Just, like, with some communication skills with friends. Like with you with the video, I was like, is it my time or is it yours? And then another friend, buddy, we both had, like, issues with the communication, so it is what it is. Let's just make each other enemies during this, and everything will be solved. Do it. All right. So how are you, man? I'm wonderful. I'm super excited to talk to you. There's a lot to talk about. Let's do it. How much time you got to talk, by the way, before we jump into this? Oh, I mean, as long as you want. Really? We could around for a while. Very good. Very good. So I'm not doing this as an interview because, you know, it's. We're gonna be like friends, you know, we're gonna be equals tonight. It's gonna be. It's gonna be. We're gonna. We're gonna release this. By the way, if you're watching this live, it's because either you're in the cremation grounds and you heard about it, or you're a private student. So listen, if you ain't in the cremation grounds, I don't know what the you're doing with your life. You need to see that at least one time. It's a good time. Anyone who wants to know about the cremation grounds, send me a message, and I'll see if. See if you're bad. It's only that. Only the coolest of the cool. Enter the cremation. That's right. So, yeah, listen up. There's so much to fucking talk about. And get these. There we go. There's so much to talk about tonight. You are an interesting motherfucker. When people find out that a Native American is interested in magic or is a magic practitioner, you're a serious practitioner, immediately all these thoughts fire off, like, oh, are you doing the fucking. Are you doing the. The pow wow out in the. Out in the moonlight? You know, there's a lot of stereotypes surrounding the work of a Native American magician just because there's a lot of stereotypes surrounding the work of a yogin who's operating in the Indian tradition. So. So let's talk about that. You have had a very interesting life, and. And you've really carved Your own path. So can you tell me about, for example, how you became a Hare Krishna monk? So I became a Hare Krishna. It's been over 10 years. I think it's been like 11. I'm horrible at the times, but I was. It's a long story, but I was already on a spiritual path before I was even involved with the Hare Krishna. I was an occultist even before that. And I was practicing just little, little rituals here and there, reading books, and I was getting taught by a woman named Diana Wenzler in Long Beach, California. She was older than me, and she ran a bookstore called I have the Cat. And I. The Cat was an esoteric occult bookstore, Witchcraft. And at the time that I met her, I was like, super in my, like, punk rock transient phase. Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. Okay. I'm just. I was like, in my punk rock transient phase, trying to just figure out life. And I met this girl, and she. Well, this woman. And she started teaching me, like, yo, have you ever heard of this? Because I was into. I was into stones and crystals at the time, you know, just kind of get dipping my feet into things. And she. She was like, well, check this out. You know, look at this. There's. She was showing me the Goetia. She was showing me different books on. On magic, Dion, Fortune, Manly P. Hall, things of that nature. And I got really interested, man, and we got really deep. She actually had like, an entire setup in her house, like, to do ceremonial magic. But, you know, as we progressed, as I lived with her a little while longer, I started to understand, like, you don't even need any of these things. Like, you don't need all the equipment and all the tools to really practice ceremonial magic. This all you're going into the subconscious, right? When you're practicing magic, you're doing all this. So it's just. You need, like, a firm grounding and meditation to practice. And so from there, I got really interested in it, started doing some of it. But I was noticing, like, it wasn't. There was something missing. There was something missing in this. This. In my spiritual path. And I had picked up a copy of the Bhagavad Gita off of bus bench. And when I found this copy of Bhagavad Gita, I was really interested. I was like, what is this blue fellow on here? I've never heard of any kind of religion like this. I'd never really been introduced to it, right? So I started reading it, dude. I started reading the Bhagavad Gita. And then Prabhupada has all these other books that he quotes that he. He lists in his book, right? So I started getting more Science of Self Realization, the Krishna book, stuff like that. And then I finally went to the temple in Los Angeles, and I. Excuse me. I got in contact with some of the people, and then I had met a monk from San Antonio that was there visiting, and I told him. I was like, yeah, family in San Antonio, Texas. You know, he's like, oh, that's awesome. Have you ever thought about, you know, like, joining and, like, you know, kind of understanding this more in depth? And I was like, no, I never have, but, I mean, I'm down, you know? And he told me, he's like, I'll link you up with some people in San Antonio and we'll talk. And so he hooked me up with a man named Advaita and Advaita Dawes, super cool guy. I still know him. And I became a monk in San antonio in Ashram 5. That was what our ashram was called, Ashram 5. And from there, I was just learning, like, bhakti, you know, devotional service, what it means to, like, be. To have devotion to Krishna, to God, to something higher than yourself. And I started to learn the meditation. You know, they chant Hare Krishna, Hare Krishna, Krishna Krishna, Hare Hare, Hare, Hare Hare, Hare Harry. So I started to learn that, and I started to chant it more and more and more. And I was one of the only monks in that temple that was, like, fully dedicated to, like, just meditating on this man. Other. The other monks, they were doing it as well. But I was taking more time in my sadhana to practice this meditation, to just stabilize my mind, to stabilize myself, to just ground myself, right? Because I felt like before I went into the temple, I was kind of like, everywhere. You know, I was drinking, I was partying, I was doing all sorts of stuff. So when I went in, it was almost like I was, like, healing myself in a certain way, you know, to get my mind back on track, where it needed to be. And so I became a monk in Ashram 5. I. I started meditating a lot, and then. Let me think. It's been a while. And then I ended up getting a. Like, a little gig from the San Antonio University out there. I think it's. I can't remember the name of it, but it was the little university that's local out there. And they asked. They said, hey, would you like to teach meditation classes? Because I was distributing books at the time. I don't Know if you know about the Hare Krishnas, but they distribute. Oh, yes. Yeah. So. And I was one of the top sellers for San Antonio, dude, because I know how to fucking talk, man. Yeah, I could talk. I could, you know what I'm saying? Like, talk to anybody and everybody. So I was out there on the streets and the Riverwalk selling Bhagavad Gitas and Chaitanya Charitamritas and, you know, the other books, the Krishna books and whatnot. And I met somebody from the college right there, local college, and they said, hey, we want to have, like, a meditation class, you know, in our college. So I was like, all right, let me talk to the head monks. And Advaita and Mohan Das were the head monks at the time, and they told me, they're like, hey, if you want to do this, let's. Let's. Let's do it. So we went to the college, we set it up, and I started teaching meditation there with Mohan. And all the students really liked me, man. They really liked the way that I taught, the way that I spoke, and it kind of blew up from there. The students expanded. Like, one of them went to asu, which was, like, in Arizona, and they asked me if I wanted to go to Arizona and teach classes out there. So I got transferred to the temple in Arizona, and I started living out there for a few months, almost a year. Started teaching meditation out there, and then from there, I expanded to Orlando, Florida, and then I was in Orlando, Florida, teaching meditation at the college out there. And then after that, I ended up kind of just stop stopping. Stopping my whole monk. My monkhood phase, because I was like, you know what I like? I like the way that I was living. I liked what I was doing, but I was like, I'm not a renunciate. That's not my life. You know, that's not the energy that I wanted to. To pursue in my life. I still wanted to do things. I didn't want to, you know, not have sex the rest of my life, or, you know, not be able to drink, not be able to smoke, not be able to do any of this. So I kind of stopped. I didn't cut ties with everybody, but I just, you know, I told him, I was like, you know, I'm going to go my own way. I'll still go to temple, I'll go to ashram. We'll do, you know, our Bajans. We'll sing, we'll dance, we'll. We'll still do all that, but I'm just not Gonna be a monk anymore. So that was my experience being a monk, man. In short, you know, I mean, I could get into fucking detail, dude, but, like, my memory is, honestly kind of shit. And so basically, you saw the. The beautiful Dharma Smurf on the COVID of the Bhagavad Gita, and that ignited a fire in your belly, and you're like, this is the shit for me. Yeah, man. And it made sense because I was practicing magic before. But, you know, these methods to reach. Like, to reach a meditative state weren't working for me. You know, a lot of people were using, like, black mirrors, using candle flame to reach this meditative state. So you could, you know, practice these rituals and. And actually, you know, do magic. And it wasn't working for me. And I was like, you know what, man? And I was like, I think meditation. I'd read it in a book. Meditation would work. You know, it works for a lot of people to enter into that state of consciousness where you're, you know, what do they call it? They call it. I can't remember the name. It's like where you're at an equifoid. Yeah, yeah. You, like, reach that. That. That gnosis, that place where you're just like. It's stillness and meditation. Being a monk taught me how to do that, and then I took that. Huh? Oh, I think you're actually referring to the shirakasha, the darkness, the silence. Or maybe. I don't know. There's so many fucking words, man. It doesn't matter. We know what we're talking about. My spiritual life and my spiritual path. I like to keep it simple. I mean, there's so many big words we can use, right? We could use all these different, you know, terms and whatnot, but in the long run, it all boils down to the same shit. And. But yeah, man, I. I was. I was a magical practitioner. The meditation that I learned, you know, chanting was. Was what took me to, like, an entirely new level in my magical and occult practices. And that's when I started seeing real results. That's when I actually started having contact with other. Other beings. You know, I guess you could call them, like, spirits, whatever, not, you know, doing, like, invocation and evocations and. And such. And I was having a lot of success because I had learned meditation. So before you be. Oh, go ahead. Sorry. No, no, Go, go, go. Before you became a monk with the Hare Krishnas, how closely connected were you to your blood roots, to the. To your ancestral practice? So my family, man, we're Raramuri people, which are the Tarumaras. They're a tribe right here on the border of. Of El Paso and. And Juarez. They're a tribe from Chihuahua, Mexico. And they were, at one point, Apache people, right? But the Europeans came, built a border, and we got separated from them, so we no longer associate them with being Apache. And then on my father's side, or on my mother's side, on Mescaletto, Apache. So I'm Apache in both ways. But now, you know, nowadays they call the Taromaras or the Raramori people, you know, Tarahumaras and Raramuri. They don't associate him with Apache, but we're all the same people. And I had known that I was Native American since I was, you know, a child. I would. I'd been told. My grand. My grandparents, you know, told me, and everybody really, you know, was about it. And they. One thing, my grandfather, he didn't really want to teach me, like, about the Native American stuff, you know, because when he was growing up, it wasn't cool to be Native American. He was growing up in a time where he told me, here in El Paso, there was signs on restrooms that said, no. No Indians, no Mexicans, and no blacks. You know, like, on restaurants, on restrooms, on anywhere you went. So in his time, it wasn't cool to be Native. And so I had to kind of go out and search. I knew. I knew who I was. I knew my roots. I knew my. My background, but I didn't know the songs. I didn't know the rituals. I didn't know the ceremonies. I kind of had to do that on my own and go out and search for it. And this takes me in this part of the story where I. I don't know if you remember Standing Rock, but there was, like, that big pipeline protest that was going on. I hitchhiked from Long Beach, California, all the way to Standing Rock. And, yeah, to go out there, man. And I was really. When I was young, dude, I was super fearless. Like, I. I had no. You know, I didn't fear death, dude. I didn't fear. I was like, traveling, going anywhere I. Wanted was in the. Yeah, right. Yeah, exactly, man. That's how it was for us. We were just. We're punks, dude. We were wild. We were free. We did whatever the. We wanted, when we wanted, you know, we didn't. We didn't really care. If we wanted to do something, we're gonna do it. If we wanted to drink beer, we're gonna find a way to get beer, you know, like, if it was just that kind of lifestyle. Yeah, yeah, I know. That's the first thing that I saw, man, that. That attracted me to. I was like, oh, the black flag tattoo. Fuck, yeah. That's fucking right. You know, and it's not just limited to fucking antifa. That shit means by any means necessary. Yeah. Beyond. Yeah, yeah. Whatever you have. Exactly. It's the black flag, dude. It's the bars. I think it's more. It's more than just a band, you know, I think the symbol resonates with a lot of, like, older punks, you know, it's like a symbol of, like, freedom, dude. Like a symbol of freedom of expression, you know, being who you want to be, not giving a fuck what anyone else thinks. You know what I'm saying? A little bit on the aggressive side. Mm. And. But yeah, man. And what was I saying? I was. I was at Standing Rock. I went to Standing Rock, and from there I really started to learn a lot more about my culture, man. I started to learn a lot more about my culture. I met a lot of elders, Cree elders, Lakota elders. I got connections with a lot of different people. And then I took off from Standing Rock, and then eventually I had came to my reservation, and then from my reservation, I just started to learn, you know, the language, the songs, their ceremonies, sweat lodge inipes, things of that nature. Doing a pipe ceremony, which is called shinupa ceremony in my culture. And I started to learn that, man. So I was like Hare Krishna, learning, learning bhakti, yoga, occultism, and then my traditions, you know? So I kind of. Just to be clear, the work that you've done with your ancestral traditions, which you could actually say that Hare Krishna is an ancestral tradition of yours, because no Aryan tradition. And that belongs to the. Well, yeah, of course. Of course. Feather Indian, not. But what I mean by that is that Krishna is an Aryan tradition, and Arianism is of the fire, the creative force. And it's not limited to one bloodline. It manifests in many different ways. You know, there's the confusion over the term Aryan, thanks to the modern Europeans who took the word and then changed its meaning to, you know, only be applied to a specific bloodline. But ultimately, they bastardized the tradition and create a lot of confusion. Caused a lot of problems for a lot of people. But ultimately, Aryan in its purest form, it's nobility. It's nobility in practice. And, you know, you aren't technically born an Aryan. You must. You must gain that role. You must assume that role. You must find that fire, that soma, and cultivate it. So, you know. But when I talk about your blood tradition, just to be clear, did you begin to embrace your blood tradition after you were a Hare Krishna monk? Yeah, more. More and more. Because before that, dude, I was like punk, skinhead punk. I was in the whole shebang, dude. Like street, street kid, man. Like my mom, my dad died when I was little. I was like 10 years old when my dad died, you know, and my mom was working two jobs in Los Angeles. She was barely home. She would be home maybe once a week. So, like, the only place I had to go was like the streets, man. So, you know, I was like. I didn't really want to be associated with like the Cholos or the Bloods or the Crips, you know. I was a rocker. I was into punk music and metal and oil. And so I started clicking up with like all those cats and I just. Yeah, that's what I fell into there, you know. And I feel like a lot of that music, dude, like the CRO mags and like, that really helped, you know, push me towards this, this, this descent into spiritualism, man. Like, obviously really, really opened me up, man. I'm serious. I want to talk about that definitely. You know, obviously. I'm not gonna ask for details, but did you pull some John Joseph level shit when you were in the Hare Christmas, dude? There was some. There was some dude that went down when I was a Hari Christian, man. There was some stuff that happened. I was trying to stop my old ways of living, you know. But I feel like the streets, man, were so deep in me at the time, you know. They were so deep in me that I, even being a monk, I still had like a certain attitude that a lot of these other monks and Hare Krishna's didn't have, you know, And I kind of showed, you know, and you could see it, man. I was like the only monk that was all tattooed up, you know, the chest, the fucking hands, the legs, the face, you know. So I was like the black sheep of the monks, I guess you could say. That's fucking right. So. But Krishna, for those of us who really know Krishna, he's a street punk. He's an outright criminal. He's stealing the butter, he's stealing the milk, you know. But you gotta love him. He's like loving rogue. Yeah, his pastimes are beautiful, man. I still read them to this day. Still read the Gita to this day, man. That. That book had changed my life severely, you know. Severely changed my Life in so many good ways, man, because like I said, I was. I was in a. I was living a real fucking wild life, man. Like, I was getting tattoos on my face when I was, like, fucking 14, 15 years old, you know, like, running around, just not caring, you know, about anything. And then I feel like spiritual life is kind of the thing that grounded me. It made me situate myself and discover who I was, you know? And plus my father dying as well. I had a really strong spiritual experience three months after my father died. I'd gotten visited by him, like, face to face in my room. And my brother, which was right next to me in the room next door, had the same experience, you know, and it opened my eyes. It opened my eyes and it made me realize there's something out here that we don't fully understand. You know, there's this other world that people just aren't comprehending. And after I had spoken to my father, man, and seen him, like, it just. It opened up, man. Like, I feel like my third eye, whatever you want to call it, right? Fucking opened up. And, like, I have to. I had to know. I had to know what was out there. So spiritual life was always, you know what I'm saying? Like, always a thing. Even when I was a punk dude and I was a skin on the streets, like, I was still spiritual, man. I was reading tarot. I was, you know, reading books, Manly P. Hall's books. I was reading the golden dawn, the Big Black Brick. I was reading that shit, like, while all my other friends were drinking and getting high and doing. I mean, I was doing that too, but I still had, like, spiritual books with me or a pack of tarot cards or a pendulum, you know what I'm saying? Like, I was. I was like, I was that guy. And a lot of people were like, now you're hippie, bro. Like, that's some hippie this and that. And I was like, man, you don't fucking understand. It's not hippie shit, dude. I'm not tie dyeing my clothes, and you know what I'm saying? Wearing patchouli. So with your, you know, dirty street punk background, did. Did that kind of, like, act as a filter towards some of the. The spiritual paths you could have walked, which would have maybe looked down on you for that aspect of your character? Yeah, man. Yeah, definitely. I remember there was one point where I started not getting into Christianity, but reading the Bible and trying to understand it, like, in its, like, esoteric sense. And I tried to go to, like, this little church to Just kind of understand more. And I just felt like I was mad judge, dude. People were just judging the out of me. Like, they would see me and they're like, who the is this guy? You know, like. And I kind of just. It gave me a bad taste in my mouth. And I was like, this ain't for me. You know what I'm saying? Organized religion, like, that ain't for me. And yeah, but the Krishna stuff was definitely because I was also meeting people that were in a Krishna consciousness that were like old punks, man. They were old punks. They came from the streets too, dude. They were Christian. They were all tatted up. But they were wearing their tulsi beads, they were wearing their nursema little pendants, you know. So they had dedicated themselves to spiritual life and they were punks before, you know, living similar life to me, you know. So to me, it stuck. It resonated with me a lot harder. And Krishna is the manifestation of Vishnu, who offers us a pathway in the present age to achieve the overman status, to overcome the conditions of the current yuga that would limit us. And. And Krishna, if we live by his example, we can free ourselves from the confinement of the prevailing order. Is that how you interpret Krishna? Yeah, I interpret Krishna as like, it's freedom. He's freedom from this. This iron age that we're living in, you know, the age of ignorance. And I truly feel like when they were teaching bhakti, man, when they were teaching how to chant, you know, a lot of people are like, why do they carry their beads everywhere? Why are they always fucking chanting? And I started to understand years down the line doing it, that as you're trying to constantly keep your mind on Krishna, you're constantly trying to be devoted to him, to have everything in your life is Krishna. So when you're giving food or you're making food, you're offering or you're doing something, Krishna is at the forefront of your mind when you're doing it. This is true bhakti. You're seeing Krishna and everything. And yeah, that's the premise of what I was doing. And yeah, it was beautiful, man. It's really beautiful. I loved it. And it's not about prostrating yourself necessarily to Krishna, definitely. It's about taking on his essence. It's not like the way you would bow down to Christ, for example. Yes, dude. It's about being friends, you know, I really learned it was about being friend and creating a relationship with Krishna that's not like a relationship with Jesus or Buddha or Anything like that. It's like having a very. A very close, personal, spiritual friendship, if you get what I'm saying. It's like getting into the pit with Krishna. Yeah, yeah, the pit of life, bro. The pit. The pit of life. That's right. You got to be willing to take the hits, and you got to be willing to give them back, too. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's right. So. So I think it's really interesting because I. You know, what. What attracted me to Krishna originally because I. Well, I have an interesting background too. I won't get into that too much. But punk rock was a very important thing for me whenever I was very young. I got into punk when I was, like, super young, like 10 years old, you know? And I ain't bullshit. Not like those motherfuckers who go on, like, a Black flag video on YouTube and they're like, I was listening to this when I was 10. Like, no, I was in that shit. I was walking the streets. I was in that shit. And I was listening to that stuff because it was liberating to me. I felt like I could escape a lot of the bullshit conditions that surrounded me through that. It's not just the music. It's the consciousness of punk. And I would later come to realize that punk is essentially Aryan. It's Aryanism. It's the fire, it's the Aryan flame that you find in the Indian tradition. Definitely it's liberating. Know, it's about free expression. So it was about burning everything up that it's not. That is confining you. You know, getting rid of anything that is confining you and letting yourself be free to express yourself through your look, through your music, through your attitude, through what. How whatever means you want to express yourself. That's what punk meant to me, you know, it was. Yeah, it was. It is, dude. And you know what's funny, man? It's like, if you talk to a lot of these older punks that are Hard Krishnas, they'll tell you the same shit. Same shit. You know, they. They got into it because it was. They. They were in punk rock first super deep into it, and then they realized they're like, you know what? Change is not gonna happen from punk rock. You know, that's just like one step. And they're like, the true change that has to happen has to happen spiritually. Change has to happen with the thing we could protest and talk about. We don't want more. We don't want this, we don't want that. But what the Is it gonna do if you haven't even changed yourself, you know, if you have no, no, no change within your. Your psyche, within your subconscious, within your spirit, within your soul, whatever you want to call it, right? And to me, that made sense, man. I was like, fuck, man, I'm looking for change. I'm looking to be liberated, right? To be completely free. And the spiritual path is truly what freedom to me means and represents. I still love punk rock. I'm still into it, you know, but it doesn't carry the same weight that it did when I was younger, if you get what I'm saying. You know, I feel like spirituality took that and made it whole. Well, you know, a lot of those old punks, they were compelled by Shakti and they never left that world of compulsion in the material and it ate them alive, you know? Yeah. Drug addiction, alcohol abuse, fucking. It burns you up, man. Lot of lost souls, man. A lot of lost souls get into punk music. And that's what I noticed. A lot of broken kids, you know, a lot of us were broken. We fucking single parent homes, drug addict parents. We all just kind of were into the same punk music and, you know, it's our way to escape, you know. But I feel like truly what all of us were looking for was like our spiritual outlet. But a lot of them didn't, you know, they weren't at that, that level of spiritual development in their life to find a spiritual path, you know, so they have, they had to burn. Burn by the fire of punk rock, right? Like that was what they, what they have to. That was their dharma for that lifetime, for this lifetime, you know. But then there was the few of us that were, you know, a little more spiritually, spiritually developed that we found, you know, our spiritual paths through punk rock music. Well, you know, Krishna is. It's a very divine masculine culture, very divine masculine form of yoga. And for. For people who are kind of born into the left hand, who are born into the fucking. The trash heap, you know, born. Born into the gutter. It's like to see that transcendence and that beautiful solar light. It's very attractive. It allows you to purify yourself in the light and. But, you know, you don't have to stay in asceticism your entire life. You know, you had that realization after you were practicing monk for quite a long time. You had that realization that the life of the ascetic, it's not a lifestyle for you, it's a chapter in your development. And then it was like a. Yeah, it was Something that needed to be integrated into my spiritual life, man. Like truly, like in this day and age right now, I would say I have been more dedicated to magic than, you know, bhakti. And I wanted to learn meditation. So bhakti was the way that I learned meditation, learned my sadhana. And that's what took me into practicing magic further, you know, to have like more of a footing in it. Because I'd always been. I don't know what it is, man, to be honest with you, but I have always had a strange calling towards magic. And it's just where I went, you know, because I could have went other ways, you know, I could have went other ways and did other things and whatnot, you know, got deeper into yoga and tantra because I had friends that were doing that, you know. But to me it was like western ceremonial magic was like the, I guess my tantra, right? I was like my form of tantra and that's just what called me and what, what I needed to do in my lifetime. And still to this day, man, I practice it every day. Every day I practice my rituals, my meditations and I do that stuff. Well, that's beautiful. That's a beautiful journey. Basically, the Hare Krishna's acted as your right hand path, initiative. Yeah, man. Advancing towards that transcendent realization. So like I needed the period, man, I was in the. Before I was in the. I was drinking, drugging, partying, fighting, doing all the. That, you know, somebody off the streets is doing, man. And you know, becoming Hare Krishna was like, it's what purified me. It's what gave me that other look, you know what I'm saying? That other look into like this other lifestyle, man. You don't gotta live like this. You could still be punk rock. You can still be, you know, the person you are. But you know what I'm saying, there's a way to purify yourself, man. There's a way to escape all that torment and all the, you know, and, but, but eventually I realized, you know what, man? Right hand path, left hand path, it's all the same, dude. It all, it all boils down to the same. Don't release the secret, right? You need to integrate both, you know, I feel like a lot of people nowadays with magic and like with, with a lot of this esotericism, they want to go straight for the demons. They want to go straight into the clip off, they want to go straight into the darkest. But it's like you can't understand that whole other side unless you understand the brighter Side, you know, and if you, you can't understand the brighter side, then, you know, you, you know, you're, you're useless on the left hand path. You're gonna get fucking manipulated by those energies. You're gonna get taken over by them. You need strong footing, man. You need to learn how to meditate and to, you know, keep yourself purified when you're working in those realms, those darker realms, communicating with those darker energies. That's exactly right. When we're born into the Kali Yuga, we are born into the dark mother's land. We have direct awareness of shakti, but we can't even know the significance of shakti unless we have that point of contrast. So going to shiva, advancing to Shiva or whatever is that representation of the transcendent in your life so that you can understand the darkness. Because like you said, if you don't do that work before you jump into the left hand practice, or what is called the left hand practice, you're going to be eaten alive. You're going to end up wrecking yourself or you're going to just undercut your power. Yeah. And you don't, you don't really progress. You kind of stay in the same place, understanding the same things. Your, your spiritual progression just, it doesn't, you don't develop, you know, to have to have the right hand path as like a grounding mechanism for the left hand path is, is absolute. Like, that's needed. And I, I, for a long time, I didn't know that because when I was practicing ceremonial magic with this woman, Diana Wentzler, I didn't know anything about right hand path shit, you know, I didn't know anything about it. Everything we were doing was. She was working straight out of the galatia, you know, out of the picatrix, things of that nature. Right. So we did, we weren't really working with angelic beings. We weren't working with, you know, positive entities, quote, unquote. And. Yeah, man, and then becoming a monk is what really gave me that footing in all of it and a true understanding of it, you know, because you have to understand, like, a lot of those spirits, especially within, like the goetic system, they have a shadow, you know, and the Shadow is the angel, 72 angels, the 72 names of God, you know, so you have to understand, like the, the positive aspect of it to understand the negative, you know, to counterbalance these things. And. Yeah, so when you gained that contrast, that counterbalance, and you brought that awareness back to the Indian tradition, Heather. Not that. Yeah. How did it change. I mean, I imagine that your perspective of those traditions was quite different from the perspective of most of the people practicing the old ways. Big time. Big time. I was. When I was meeting elders and I was doing like pipe ceremony and going to sweat, I couldn't really talk to him about the things that I was practicing, truly, you know, like I just kind of had to, you know, because it's very taboo, you know, you gotta understand like the Native American traditions are ancient, man. These things date back thousands and thousands of years. And they have like, it's a, it's, it's a very. Like they like to keep their path pure, right? Like they don't like to mix it up with other things and whatnot, which is cool. You know, it keeps, it helps preserve it, it helps keep those things alive. But when I was practicing it, I couldn't really, you know, there was, there was sometimes some, some tension between me and other people, you know, that I was learning from that were traditional Native American practitioners on the Red Road. And I didn't vibe with it even as being a Native American man. Like I wasn't vibing with it because I was like, this is dogmatic as fuck, dude. You're just calling anything witchcraft that you don't understand, you know. So to me it was like, that's a no go, man. Like I'm not a reservation Indian, you know, I grew up in the city, but I am an Indian, you know, regardless. And a lot of those other people, they don't get it. You know, they, there's. They're on the reservation that they've known that their whole life. They know nothing but the Red Road and more power to a mass beautiful, you know. But I have a different background. I have a different outlook on life. I have a different outlook on spiritual life. And you know, the darker things, you know, really did call me, you know, and to like the Native American people, that's something you don't with, you know, they're very like, nah, that's, don't, don't go down that way, you know. But truly, if you get back in, if you get into the history of Native American spirituality, you start to understand that before, before contact with the Europeans and Christianity, Native American practices were witchcraft. They were magic. It was, they lived it. It wasn't like something they just did every weekend. This was something that we did every day. You know, we were skin walking. We were, we were, you know, you call it lycanthropy, right? Like we call it skin walking. And that was like A normal practice to us, that was something that a lot of people did, you know, and once you're. Once the Europeans came and they. They started to colonize us and they started to show us Christianity and force it upon us. That's when our tradition started to change. That's when the name of Jesus started to be introduced into the peyote songs, into the ceremonies. And that's when I feel like we started really losing our traditions. You know, as Native American people, we weren't following the true Red Road anymore. It was now this Europeanized, Christianized, bastardized, you know, spiritual path, you know, but it works for people, so that's beautiful. You know, if it works for them, man, it works for them. So we have to talk about the Christian influence within the Red Road. But before we do that, for those of the. The watchers of this channel who. Who aren't familiar with the Red Road, can you explain in general terms what the Red Road is? And it's. The Red Road is just. It's the spiritual path of, like, the Indian, the Native American person. And it's a road that all of us follow that are Native man, whether you're from deep in Peru all the way up to, you know, Canada and further up, you know, if you're an Alaskan native, we all follow the Red Road. And the Red Road, the red within the Red Road represents the blood. And blood to us is like power. It's the. It's the thing that keeps us alive. It's the thing that keeps us going. You know, when we would sacrifice an animal or sacrifice other people, you know, the blood was like, a sign of power. We would give it right to the gods. We would. We'd give it to. To the spirits, whoever we're offering it to. So to us, the, you know, the Red Road is like a. It's a spiritual path of. It's hard to explain, truly. Like, it's hard to explain if you haven't. If you don't have, like, a Native American background, you know, because it's. It gets a little complicated. And there's terms, terminology that just, you know, not the average man really knows. You know, you have to be around the Native people to kind of understand it. But pretty much it's like, we're animists. You know, we follow, like, the animals and the spirits, you know, and the earth and. Yeah, that's what the Red Road is. You know, the eagle is like. Is the representation of God to us. And then you have the owl, which is like, the representation of, like, the underworld, you know, like that. The devil, Satan, whatever you want to call it. You know, that's fascinating. We put animal symbols on them, you know, and then to us, when we would see an eagle or a hawk or an owl, that represented to us communication from those other sides, you know, and if you're spiritually aware and you're awake, you're tuned, then those symbols, when you see those animals, then you could start to see your life change direction when those animals come into your life, if you get what I'm saying. Oh, yes, certainly. So this is actually fascinating. And I still, to this day, I practice that, man. Like, I see hawks and I see owls or, you know, certain animals, man. And I immediately. It's almost like a jolt in my body, like an electric shock. It's. It's really strange. And it's almost like they speak to you. They don't speak to you with words. It's almost like an energetic transfer, you know, just by their presence being there. And then from there, your life, you could start to notice that that energy that came in, you know, that showed itself to you, whether it's an eagle, a hawk, owl, whatever, the trajectory of your life starts going that way, whatever that energy of that animal is. So this is fascinating. In yoga, we would say that the blood is a representation of shakti, which is associated with the muladhara and the color red. Yeah. And this is sort of like the foundation, the road for yoga would be the spine. It's the road to God. God consciousness. So taking the serpent, which, I don't know, maybe you could tell me, in the red road tradition, is there a place for the snake? Yeah, of course, man. Of course. But the snake is like. It's an animal within. Like my people, which are the Masculetto Apache, their actual name is Inde. Inde is our name, and that's like our ancient name. And it just means the people. We didn't have a name. Like, we weren't like the Apache, you know, it was in there and in there what just meant the people, you know. And then you have thinne, which are the Navajo, which means the people as well. But in their language, you know, and. But within, because you're talking about the serpent. So Apache people, we. We believe in the serpent, but it's only like certain people that, you know, are very. Are higher up, spiritually more developed are the ones that should be working with that medicine. Not everybody should be working with, like, the serpent energy because it's. It's too much, you know, it's Too much for certain people. Boys and people can't handle it. Yeah. So like the medicine man, they always tell people, you know, if you see a snake, you know, don't, you know, just, just, just keep praying. Just pray, you know, pray, pray to the eagle, you know. But if you're on that medicine path and you're being taught by somebody, when you see a snake, it means something totally different, you know. And then if you notice too, this is another thing that I wanted to get to because you were talking about the spine, right? Like kundalini and, and shakti and all that. And the feather to us is the representation of that. You have the middle part of the feather and then you have both sides coming out. So it's. That to us is the representation of the spine, the kundalini rising and that. We also call it the red road. You know, you could go this way, which is the left, the left hand path on the feather, or you could go onto the right hand path of the feather, but both eventually lead, you know, to the same place. That's fascinating. Fascinating. So, so many synchronicities. So, so much perennial tradition. In, in yoga, we would say that the serpent is the kundalini and it's poisonous and it's something that has to be purified. And we, we purify the muladhara, the blood connection, the serpent, by bringing it to the Sahasra. Now what's fascinating about that is the Sahasra is associated with the eagle. So what is. Yeah, it all ties in, man. It all ties in. Well. And in the Norse tradition, we have Yggdrasil, which is the spine or the feather. And at the base of Yggdrasil we have Nidhogg, the serpent, gnawing at the roots. And at the crown of the, of the world tree, we have the eagle, the unnamed eagle. It's, it's really amazing to see that it's all the same. It's because, you know, it's all the same, man. Like, no matter what culture or tradition you come from, you're going to find similarities in it, you know. And like my culture, we're, we're ancient people, man. We've been, we've been here for ever, we believe millions of years. And our teachings and our practices, our traditions are. We believe them to be millions of years old. And if you go like when I was a monk, you know, the, the Hindu people were saying the same. They were like, dude, we're millions of years old, we're not thousands. That's something that you know These people, these scientists of this day and age want to say we're just thousands of years old. Like, no, we're millions of years old. And those teachings have been taught for millions of years. And it's the same with ours as Native people, you know? But it. Like, we were talking last time, dude, like, tantra and, like, true Native American spirituality is, like, very similar, dude. Very, very similar, you know? Yeah. It's almost creepy how similar that is, man. Yeah. But then you meet, like, you meet all these Native American traditional people, and they try to, like, no, don't get into that. That's demonic. That's witchcraft. That's this. But it's, like, it's the same because Christianity has polluted. Has polluted the minds of a lot of these people where they. They think in regards to witchcraft and, you know, what's good and what's evil. And, you know, it's really sad, man. Well, it's. But then there's people like me, man. There's very few Native American people like me that, you know, we. We have an understanding of these things, and I know a few of them. I actually wanted to invite one person to the chat. He's a Native guy. He's living on the reservation. He's. He's super into the occult, man. He's. He's like me, you know? Oh, yes, yes. We need him. We need him in the cremation grounds. Yeah, he's super dope, man. Super. He's a hat maker, too. He makes hats, like, traditional Native American hats and stuff. Stuff. So, yeah, he's an artist as well. We're gonna talk about your. Your beautiful art here in just a moment. But before we get to that, you know, it's the same shit in India. Like, India, the Tantrics, the Tantra has a bad reputation. Like, I met this sweet Indian woman recently. Wonderful woman. She's a Narasimha devotee, and she was talking to me about Tantra, and she said, you know, in India, the Tantrics, they don't have a very good reputation. We. We consider them to be Satanic witches. Oh, God. That's the thing, man. That's just what everybody's doing nowadays. Everyone wants to label that satanic. Yeah. It's crazy. Which technically it is. Yeah. Think it is. In a good way. Yes, man. In a good way. You know? Yeah. And the thing is, the influence of Islam in India was very strong. Yeah. For quite some time, the Islamic invasion into India really defined the social conditions surrounding the old ways. And Tantra was a revolution against that. But it was. Have you noticed? Have you noticed? It's always the Abrahamic traditions that come into these other cultures and they completely rearrange the guts of these other cultures. All right? The dick of Christ rearranges the guts of my people. And the dick of Islam rearrange the guts of, you know, the, the Indian people. So. And it's the same, right? They're seeing Tantra as evil and then we're seeing like, you know, this other, you know, the magical path is evil. And it's. It's all so similar, man. And it's. It's the Abrahamic religions, you know, that have done that shit. It is. Well, it spreads. It's a mind virus. Yeah, it is. Fuck. Yeah, the Abrahamic. So the cabal, it begins in the mind. It's. It's a. It's a Vishudi tradition. It begins in the mind and it spreads like a computer virus and it rewrites the programming of every culture that it comes into contact with. So when you have, for example, Islam moving into India, they can take a figure like Shiva and they can transform Shiva into more like a Yahweh figure. And they can begin to infect the people with the idea that there is absolute good and evil. And of course, you know, you and I both know that in the Indian tradition, we seek non duality. We don't recognize absolute good and evil. We. We exist beyond good and evil. That's what the Bhagavad Gita is all about. Yep. Transcending all of that, thinking about Krishna, there's no good and evil. There's no war happening. It's just meant to happen. You know, if you read the Gita, it's the Mahabharata, it's a part of the Mahabharata. It's the war that's going on, on the battlefield. And Krishna is telling, you know, Arjun, like, you know, yeah, those are your people. But, you know, killing them is not really killing them. You know, it's kind of evil. It's kind of evil when you think about it, you know, it's a little. But he's talking about transcending it, you know, and always having your mind focused on me while you're fighting this war. Focus on me, you know, and, and, and all of this, you know, will go away. You know, you'll be free from it. You'll be free from the sorrows of war and the pain and grief of killing your family and stuff. So. It's an interesting book, man. Interesting book. Beautiful magic book. I'm going to take a moment to address a question that we have here from Anglo Saxon Maggie. Yeah. She says, yeah, the Mic Mac people. Do you know the Mic Mac people? Of course, yeah. Yes, I do. I have a friend. I met a guy at Standing Rock who was Mick Mac. He was half white, half McMahon. Real cool guy, man. Real cool guy. I don't know much about the culture, the Mic Mac people, but I do know that they exist. And I don't think they have a reservation if I'm. If I'm completely honest. I think that they've been fighting for a long time to get, like, land, to get their land back and land rights. They need to invade McDonald's and become. The Big McMack, Big M, the Big McMax. Oh, God, yes. Take over. That's the. Take over with the Big Mac. So you know what this goddamn system and everything that it has done to the Indian people in India, to the Native American people here? Manifest Destiny was a fucking tragedy for the traditions of the Native people here as. And as well as the. As well as the white settlers. It wrecked their soul. They incurred terrible karma in spreading the Christian disease across the entire fucking land and cutting themselves further away from their old ways and then destroying so many old ways and poisoning. It's just horrible. Whenever you engage in that kind of brutal, well, genocide of a people and their tradition, you lose the ability to see contrast in others and you become so one. Pointed your dogma. Have to throw yourself deeper into your dogma to justify the kind of destruction that you are bringing to the world. Absolutely. And. And that's exactly what. What has happened. So the, the psychic impact of that era of expansion. And I'm not against war on it on principle, and I'm not against, like civilization advancing on principle. But what I'm against is this mindless compulsion towards bloodshed. Religious, right? Yeah, yeah, exactly. And it's totally compulsive. It's not coming from a place of Dharma. You know, when the, when the Vikings came to North America, they saw there was a lot of people here who had rich traditions and trade route with. Them for 500 years. Right, right. There's a Runestone. There's a Runestone up by Canada by the Mohawk people that they still have, that they gifted them. We had a trade route with them, but then shit went sour. Like shit. You know, it happens, man. Even within my own people, we'll have trade routes with certain tribes for such a long time. And then fucking next thing you know, somebody steals a woman or somebody kills somebody else. And then it just turns into a fucking gang war. And it was the same thing with the Viking people, man. When they came down, they. We had really. They were giving us milk, we were giving them buffalo highs. We were giving them, you know, stuff that they didn't have. So we had a trade route. And then eventually, you know, the Viking people were raiders. They were raiders like my people were. You know, my Apache people were raiders. We weren't. We didn't grow fucking plants and, you know, have sheep and farm. No, we. We went and we killed and we took what we wanted to take. We were warriors. We were a warrior tribe. And just like the Viking people were. And I think the Viking people, when they came down here, they saw that and they were like, oh, they're the same as us. They're just small. There's a name that they used to call us and it's called Scrailing. Scrailing is that. Is a. Is an old fucking. I don't know if it's Norse or whatever language that is that they spoke, but they used to call us the Scrailings, which meant small red man. Yeah, right. So we've now always had a connection to Europe, man. Native American people have had a connection to Europe for a very long time. And I love my Native American, my European brother, Others, man. I just think it's sad. It's sad that, that they lost their culture, you know, way before we lost ours, you know, and they lost it, yes, because of the, the Romans and. And all these bastards that went and killed all the indigenous people and forced Christianity upon them. You know, it's. It's up. Because if not true, I think we would all have more. More of a. Of an understanding of each other, you know, if we still had those indigenous, you know, native traditions, you know, I. Believe so because there's not this tendency towards one pointed infection of everything through this death cult. And that's what, that's what the cabal is. It's a. It's a death cult. And what, what they advance, it's. It can be applied to. You can. You can be part of the cabal and you can. Any blood foundation, you know, it's not limited to any, any one bloodline. You know, the Christian whites who spread across North America, they weren't doing this with any sort of recognition of Dharma. You know, if there was a recognition of Dharma, then the process would have been out of a place of beauty instead of an. Instead of out of a place of compulsive self hatred. Yeah. Which is what you know what those traditions breed. Yeah. And I'm not saying that there, that it's impossible for someone to practice those traditions in a dharmic fashion. I do believe there are some people that, that is their dharma to be part of that tradition. But the thing is, my dharma is totally in opposition to the dharma of, of the cabal, of the Abrahamic cabal and everything that has come from it. So, you know, I'm not going to sit by and just not point the finger and say, okay, look at, look at the destruction that you've wrought. Look at all the beauty that you've removed from the world. You know, and it is frustrating to me. One thing that we're doing with this yoga school is we're exposing people all over the world to the foundations of the Indian tradition, foundations of yoga before the poisoning from Islam. And actually that's what tantra is. Tantra was an underground revolution, the Agor tradition, an underground revolution within India. The real, the ones who really possessed the knowledge of the ancient Aryan tradition, they went underground. They had to, they became untouchables. They went into the cremation grounds and that's where they kept the tradition alive because that's, you know, they stayed next to the fire, they stayed in the dirt. They stayed next to the fire so they could operate underground. And it worked. Now that revolution has spread all over the world. You gained access to the Hare Krishna movement because of the work of those Igory yogins, because of the Tantrics. Yes. And so then what you learned, you could come back to your people and you could, you could see a similar rot there. A similar rot, a similar influence from the Christians, you know, and, and now. So have the native people that you've spoken to about this, have they been open to this, this sort of non dualistic interpretation of the old ways? The younger ones, man, it's. The younger ones. It's not the older heads. The older heads are, they're too far gone. They're, they're, you know, they're in that, that super Christianized, bastardized way of looking at the red road. But I have a lot of younger friends. Like my friend Emmett, he's Navajo, man, and he's, he's. I've got him into reading young. I've got him into understanding like a lot of, you know what I'm saying, like deeper, you know, spiritual, philosophical concepts. And he, he loves it, man. He's like, dude, this is, this is it. You know, it's almost like I've used like all these things that I've learned whether it's young, whether it's magic, whether it's bhakti, and I've kind of used it towards like, opening up a lot of like the, the people, the Native American people that I know personally, you know, and kind of bringing them back. Bringing them back to like, our roots as Native people, you know, magical practitioners, you know, because if you look at like the Native lake, especially my people, we were unique. Using our spirituality wasn't just to be used, you know, strictly to pray and to, you know, praise Don Kachila, creator, whatever you want to call it. You know, we used, we used spirituality and warfare and it's documented, you know, we were fighting with our spiritual powers, you know, and we, we had them. They were, they were readily available to us, you know, and nowadays you don't see that anymore. The Abrahamic systems, this religious mind virus just killed that man. You know that. Tell me if you're no longer living like that. Yeah, tell me a bit about the, the magical practices that were used in, in warfare prior to the Christianization. So there's, there's, so there's a lot of Apache people. There was a woman named Losan. Losan was. She's a, an Apache warrior, bro. She had killed a lot of. A lot of white men. And she's a woman. And she. And when I say white, white man, I don't mean it like, you know, white people, but it's the, you know, how they would term it. But she was a warrior woman. And what she used to do was she would pray to the four directions and she would put her hands up like this to each direction and she could feel. Her hands would turn red and she would feel heat from whatever direction she's pointing at that the enemy is. So she would either be, we're going to advance on them or we're going to run from them. Them. So that was one of her powers. And then another one was Geronimo. He had a power and the ability. He was actually spoken to the gon, the four mountain spirits, the four Directions. The spirits of the four Directions actually came to him after his family were killed by the. By the colonizers. He went into the mountains to pray and fast for days on end. And the gone, which are the four mountain spirits, came to him and spoke to him and told him, we're going to give you this power where no bullet will touch you, no arrow will touch you, no knife will touch you by the white man. And he went into battle so fearlessly, man. And he never Got shot, never got penetrated by any of their weapons. And he held that power till the. Till the day that he, you know, he gave himself up. And there's a lot of. There's another one. Victorio. Victorio was using what we would call astral projection today. He was projecting himself from, like, the top of the mountains. He was actually projecting himself to where the. The enemy was, and he was scaring them. He was freaking him. This is documented. This. You could read it in journals that the. The blue coats were keeping when they're fighting the Apache wars, that they would see, like, these Indians rushing them. They would start shooting, but the bullets would go through them like ghosts, you know, and then they would disappear. They would get right in front of them, and boom, they would disappear, and the white people would freak out. They would abandon their camp, and they would go back to where they came from. So we were using our spiritual, you know, our spirituality in warfare. And even before the white man came here, we were all. We were using in warfare against each other, you know, like, to us, spirituality wasn't this thing to keep pure and keep sacred. And so, you know what I'm. It was. It was just who you were. There's no differentiation between spirituality and this life, you know? Yeah, but there's a lot of stories. There's a lot of different ones, man. And you could go to the Lakota people, you go to the Navajo people, you. And they all have stories of using, you know, their medicine and warfare and their medicine for certain things. We call it medicine. You know, that's what we call, like, our spiritual abilities or gifts. We call it medicine. So in the Red Road, would you say that certain practitioners received boons, kind of like in yogic tradition, how you could receive a boon from it, from a deity, special power? Yeah, yeah, of course. That's what I'm saying. Like, when Geronimo, when his family was killed, it was almost like that was the sacrifice, you know, for him to get that boon. And he. He. He got it. The spirits came down to him from the mountains. This is what he believes, the four. The four elemental spirits, and told him, this is what we're going to give you. This is your power. You know, take this and fight. And he went and did that. And now he's, like, one of the most well known, you know, Native Americans. Anywhere you talk, you say his name anywhere in the world, and people know who he is. Right. Very fierce man, because he had that medicine with him. Well, you know, I. I see within the Red Road the old ways this Aryan flame, very similar to, you know, what we would find in India. Very similar. And it's very. I have a lot of optimism for the future and for you to say that, you know, the younger generation of your people, they're becoming more open to abandoning some of this attachment to the. The Abrahamic purity and some of the taint that has occurred as a result of that. That just feeds my optimism even more because I see a future where, you know, people from all different bloodlines, they can unite in this flame, in this fire, in what Prometheus brought down to us, to empower us and make us more than normal men. And. And we can unite against that cabal that is trying to dominate the world and lead us towards this death of all men and women who affirm and love life. Regardless of where you are at on the planet, if you're not part of that system, they want to exterminate you. And ultimately everything will be exterminated into the dream of that one God. So all polytheists who uphold that flame, they need to come together and they need to fight together to keep their traditions alive. And we can do this. We can support each other. Yeah, I'm all for that, man. And you know what, man? You. You go back to any culture, any culture's ancient spiritual practices, and you'll see that. That we all have similarities there. We all have them. Because at one point, I believe we were all practicing the same thing. We just had different languages, different interpretations, you know, so we spoke about it differently, you know, so, you know, you can have, like, the Viking people in Europe that were, you know, talking about Igdesol and stuff like that. You have the Native American people, we're talking about the feather. But it's all the same thing. It's all the same. These practices are all the same. And I feel like when those Europeans came here and had a trade route with us, the Viking people, they understood that because those people were first and foremost spiritual. Before they were warriors, before they were any. They were spiritual people, you know, and in order to. To get along with another culture, another, you know, tribe, you have to have similar spiritual views, or else you're not going to have a trade route. You're not going to have friendly contact, you know, and they. They proved that they were very spiritual people to us, you know, so we traded with them and we. We communed with them. And I feel like we could do that with everybody, you know what I'm saying? Every. Every ancient culture, every ancient. You know, it's like to Me, it's like I want to bring that essence back, just like you're saying. I want to bring that back to everybody. You know, not just my people, but to everybody. You know, the essence of that flame is different. Differentiation and recognizing the beauty in differentiation. You know, if you. If you are of the idea that everyone must live according to one law, one rule, you know, this is against Dharma. Dharma recognizes differentiation. We do not all have to submit to one rule. We do not all have to have one. One skin color. It's not like we all have to. It's. It's not like we all will live in peace if we just wipe out everyone who doesn't look like us. You know, having differentiation in the world is what allows us to see beauty in others and beauty in ourselves. You know, it allows us to represent ourselves in a unique way. And so what I really find disgusting about Manifest Destiny is the fact that this was being done with the express purpose of destroying differentiation in the world, of uprooting and destroying population. And that I can never be for. I can never be for eliminating a beautiful tradition, you know? Yeah. You know, it's a tradition of truth. It's like a tradition that's so ancient. Like, why would you want to destroy something that has been here for so long? It's like, why not find the value in it, you know, and find. Find the bits and pieces that make sense and that are congruent to yours. Right? You know, so you can maybe have a broader understanding. Maybe there's something that that culture is missing that these people have, you know, instead of just eliminating it or shutting it out. And it's not. That's not Christianity. That's not, you know, Jewish. That's not whatever, you know, instead incorporating it, understanding it, you know, having a. Having a. A whole round view of this. Of these cultures and in a differentiated. World, you know, we can fight from time to time. Brothers fight. We can fight. People fight within their own bloodlines. People fight other bloodlines. But we don't just take the approach of let's wipe everybody else out in the world who doesn't agree 100% with what we believe. That comes from that mind virus where everything has to be held to one specific standard. The monotheistic mind virus. And if you don't. If you do not agree with that, you're the infidel. Yeah, you're. You're poison, and you have to be eliminated. And we've got. We are going to get beyond that in this world. We are not going to allow. Dude, Wave to continue. I totally feel like, honestly, man, in this day and age, like it's happening. Like less and less younger people are believing in this Abrahamic system. They're moving towards, you know, whether it's witchcraft or it's yoga or it's. And they're moving towards these older sciences, you know, these sciences that make sense because they're starting to realize, you know, they're starting to realize that what the. Like, what have we been doing? You know, Believing in Christ isn't helping you. It's not saving them. It's not giving them peace of mind. You know, praying to Jesus and thinking that when you die you're gonna go to heaven. Like, come on, man. Like, that's such a sham. Like it's. It's insane to me, dude. And it's like only, only you know, you know how people believe in that? It's through forced belief. It's through forcing the Bible, enforcing Christianity and killing people and putting fear into them for them to believe that. Because nobody in their right mind would ever believe that. That some dude on the cross is waiting in heaven for him, like, come on, man. Or it's going to come down, you know, and save you like that. It's insanity. And as soon as that culture infects a land, it makes the people behave in an insane way. They become sick. And then it blames the people for being sick and says, look, we were right. You're a bunch of sinners. You can't live with happiness unless you have us. You know, it cripples a population and then it offers a band aid. It never gives you the kind of solution you'll find from Krishna or the old ways of the Red robe or Dionysus or Thor or anyone, any other God that you can look to. And, and it doesn't have to be gods, you know, music, punk rock, things like that, that offer you a path to affirm the beauty of life. You know, it. You can escape that self hatred and you can escape that dogma in many different ways. The Internet making it easier than ever to escape that dogma. Forming communities as we have. Everyone needs to get to the cremation grounds and just burn that fucking karma. Yeah, yeah. That's what it's all about. That's right. But I. So, hey. Oh, go ahead. No, I was just gonna say. I was just gonna say that. Yeah, man. I feel like a lot of people are moving towards other means of spiritual and religious practice, man. It's. It's crazy, you know, because when I was young, man, I don't know. How old are you, Skyler? You don't mind me? 32. You're 30, so I'm 33. We're, like the same age range, so. Did you notice when we were younger, like, a lot of this occult shit? Because you told me your background with, like, the occult and your mother and whatnot. So did you notice, like, other people besides your mother? Like, the occult shit was, like, very. Like, it wasn't really spoken about. It wasn't out there as much. Like, it was very. Yes, I certainly noticed that. Yeah, it was. It was underground still. And then now, with the advent of the Internet, all that shit is coming to light, dude, which is make. It's. It's starting like this. I believe it to be, like, a spiritual. A spiritual revolution, man, in a lot of people. And people are taking this back into their. Their cultures and their religions, and they're, you know, figuring out, oh, this is the way to truly practice, you know, to truly find God, to talk to God, whatever that is to you, you know? Yes. And it's. And the system's trying. The system's trying to make us afraid of technology, try to make us afraid of. Of the Internet, you know, trying to take away our ability. Ability to express ourselves freely, which they won't do. They won't succeed. Of course. There's a poison in everything, but there's also medicine and everything. And, you know, if we can use technology, we could use the Internet to spread these traditions. We should do it, and we should do it in a way that's effective. Which is what we're doing 100 with you, man. We're. Yeah, exactly. We're doing it right now. We're breaking down walls right now, man. We're. You know, we're informing people right now of these things. Things, you know, And I think just to do it more and more, I think, through, like, the avenues that you and Dahmer do it, dude, through, like, the videos you guys make. As I've said before, I don't mean to kiss your guys's ass so much, but it's. They're good, dude. Like, she's badass at making videos, man. Like, seriously. Like, that kind of. Dude, if we can, like, start making videos and, like, you, like. Well, you guys are already doing it, right? But, like, incorporating more other cultures and, like, that into it. Like, me, like, being a native person, being. Doing video, like, that would broaden so much, you know, I'd bring in so many more people into it, right? Because people want to see the Diversity, too. People want to see the diversity within these things. You know, people. People immediately, especially in this day and age, they see a white person, they're like white people just doing this. You know what I'm saying? Bring a little bit of brown in there, mix a little bit of the red, whatever. You know, you're going to get more people to. To listen to you, you know, to really take hold. Yeah. The rainbow, dude. Shout out to dollar vision for her beautiful imagination and creativity. She's badass. Yeah. She has made this. She's made this school so much more than. Than what it otherwise would have been. Because it's fun. She makes it fun, dude. There's like an aspect whether she makes it funny, fun, you know, very, very artistic, very creative, you know, because that's what really drew me in, man. Like, I. I'd seen the stuff on like your HPPD and. And then I saw the punk rock tattoo and then the videos just is what really set it off too. It was like, man, this is, you know, this is something else you're not really seeing like this, you know, on the Internet. It's like all this. Thank you very much. It's all these Etsy crystal chicks, you know, talking about yoga chakras and it's like, man, there's. This stuff is beyond just Etsy chicks and little. Wearing yoga pants and doing hafta yoga, you know, it gets deeper than that and we need people, man. We need people like you, you know, to be doing this kind of work, man, because. Brings more people that wouldn't necessarily look into those avenues and those spiritual paths to look into it, you know, and to get into this stuff, be a part of it, you know? That's right. I got so many good old hillbillies doing yoga out in the hills of Missouri right now, you wouldn't believe. Leave it and that. You just ask. Ask blimp pimp Mr. Hank about that and he can tell you all about it. It's. It's beautiful because the system doesn't know that shit's going down. And by the time they find out that it's happened, it's going to be too late, right? Yeah, exactly. Exactly. It's like covert warfare. It's like, it's. It's truly. Dude, Spiritual warfare, man. It's truly spiritual warfare what you guys are doing. You know, it's like you're. You're trying to get these people that probably would never really hear about this, right? Or if they are hearing about it, they're hearing about it in like, A very superficial way. And you're getting to them to actually practice it. That's the powerful thing, you know, that's where I want to get. And I've done it with a few native people, but that's where I want to get with more native people. It's like start practicing this kind of stuff, you know, start. Well, you will get there. Oh yeah, yeah. Eventually, eventually. One of the ways that you'll get there is through art that you're creating right now. And I want to talk about that because I found your art. You know, obviously you, you were follow the school and then I found your art once you started following the school. And the jewelry that you make is so badass, it is amazing. This isn't some typical shit, this is like next level shit. So I want you to tell everyone, how did you get into the jewelry making? How does your magic practice influence that? You know? And like, just, just give me a general overview of what being an artist means to you. Fucking. It's alchemy, man. It's like, it's alchemy, you know. But how I got into my art, man, was I've always been an artist. I've always been a creature, creative soul. I've always like done creative, whether it's writing. I've had a lot of bands in my life, a lot of punk bands, crossover bands, you know, fucking played harmonica for a long time, busking. So I've always been an artist, man. I've always been an artist. And I had a. My grandmother was starting to get sick at one point and this was like about seven years ago, going on eight. And she lived out here in El Paso. And I was in Long Beach, California at the time, in la. And I had told my mother, I was like, you know what? My ex girlfriend cheated on me. I caught her cheating. We had an apartment together. I was like, you know what? I'm not going to be paying a thousand four hundred dollars for rent no more. Like I'm gonna move to Texas, go take care of my grandma, you know. So I moved out here and my grandma told me, you know, she was, she's getting older, she's getting sick. She's like, I'll give you this space to figure yourself out you want to do for your work, you know. So I was like, okay. And I started carving. I started carving wood and I was, I had a whittling knife. So I would whittle, like little wooden feather earrings, little pendants, little things. And I started selling it. And then I was saving that money and eventually I just started buying like silversmithing equipment. And then that silver smithing equipment just grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew, you know, and now I have like a entire workshop with casting equipment and you know, everything, you know, that you can think of for jewelry making. Yeah, my artwork started off in, in a very humble way, man, just like carving wood, selling it like that to friends, to people that I would meet and you know, eventually just develop, man. Developed into what I'm doing now. And I cannot see myself doing anything else, to be honest with you. I've worked nine to five jobs before and I hated it. You know, it's something I. Life, it's not what I want to do. I'm a very free spirited person, man. You know, I get up and go when I want to. I, you know, I am who I am and that's how I've always been. And I just, I can't be confined, man. I've never been able. My mothers can never confine me, none of my family can never confine me. I've always, I've always moved, man. I've always been native, nomadic, dude. Like, I've always taken off, gone different, hitchhiked, been a monk or just traveled, you know, because I wanted to travel. I had no fear, you know, I had no fear of doing anything. And you know, I was like, what's there to fear, man, but death, you know, Death is just. I'm going with my ancestors if I die, you know, so no fear was involved in any of my travels or anything like that, you know. And now I'm here. Now this is honestly like the longest that I've gone, like in one place, like for a while. Like I've always, I've always tried. Even when I was in California, like I would leave California, go to North Northern. Well, go to Northern California, go to Arizona, New Mexico, you know what I'm saying? And. But now that I've been making jewelry, seriously, this is like the longest that I've stayed situated in one place, you know, because you can't really move when you have massive machines and casting, you know, can't really go out and about. As much you want under the, the wilderness like Siddhartha, until you found your Dharma and then you got in your flow. Yeah. Things change. You'll be willing to wander again. Oh yeah, man. I mean, that wandering dude took me to a lot of weird places, I'm not gonna lie. Saw a lot of that. Probably a lot of people would not want to see, you know, or never run across. And it was scary. Not gonna lie. I've ran across a bunch of. You know, when I was hitchhiking, I've had people try to take me into the mountains, you know. You know, in their car. And I had to jump out, boom. With my pack that weighed 50 pounds, jump out, boom. And take off down the mountain, you know, because somebody was trying to kill me or do whatever the they were gonna do, you know, who knows? You know? And I've been through that kind of. I've been stabbed twice. I've had a lot of happen to me, man. You know, I've been through the ringer in life. I've come out who I am now. You know, a little bit rough around the edges, but, you know, Know, I feel like I stay true to myself and, you know, my path in life. Fuck, yeah. You followed your Dharma. And all of that crazy shit was just part of accessing your dharma and living it. And it doesn't mean that you have to be perfect. In fact, you are perfect. We know this from the Bhagavad Gita. If you're practicing your dharma, you're living perfectly. And it's not like this rigid morality that says you. You have to do things this way. And if you're not doing it this way, you're imperfect. Well, nobody can stand up to the perfect one, right? But we. We all know that if we can access our dharma, we are living perfectly, even if it pisses some people off. So tell me, what. What kind of. What kind of jewelry do you make? I make all kinds, man. Like, this is one piece right here. It's the movie Alien. I don't know if you've seen Sick. Yeah, it's like a little pendant. I made, like, four of them. I sold the other three. This is the last one that I have. So this is, like, casted, right? This is like casting. This is investment casting. And. And then I have stuff like this, which. These are like the native. Native American corn. It's like the corn. Oh, badass. Yeah. Which represents life to us, right? Represents life to the Native American. And this is. This is made differently than that other pennant was made. This was made completely by hand, like, there was no casting involved. This was me melting down a bar of silver, hammering that into a flat sheet, cutting it out with a saw, you know, adding all the details by hand, you know, like, everything I do is. Is handmade, man. Like, I don't. I don't fabricate jewelry. That's one thing I don't do. I Don't fabricate. I am a silver smith. There's a difference between fabrication and smithing. Fabrication is you're buying all the materials already made, and you're just putting it together like a box of Legos, you know? And what I'm doing is I'm taking the plastic, I guess, if you want to call Legos, Right. Melting it down, making the Legos myself, and then creating, creating, you know, the pieces that I want. So it gives me more freedom to do what I want, you know? So that's. And. And I'm also. I mean, my jewelry is spiritual, too, man. A lot of the pieces that I like to make, you know, I make a lot of spiritual jewelry. A lot of sigils. All sorts of things, man. All sorts of things. But a lot of it is spiritually related. I made a lot of wands. I made wands for other practitioners that practice ceremonial magic. I've made amulets, made all sorts of things, man. But that's my favorite thing to do. I like spiritual work, dude. I like to make jewelry for spiritual people. If I could, that's what I would do it for 100 of the time. But that's not reality right now. I gotta make for people, you know, that want little things here and there. Yeah. But it's cool, you know, it's all dharmic. It's all serving your dharma, and it's all leading to the culmination of what you're working for right now. And so I'm guessing, like, this is far different from what you'd find typically on, like, Etsy. Oh, yeah, yeah. Way different. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Does it. Does it. I mean, it must. It must be crazy, like, seeing these people making this fabricated shit and then. And most people aren't aware of all the intricacies of silversmithing and the beauty of it and the significance of that work. The quality so much greater than what you would get from the fabricated. Yeah, it's crazy, man. And I've seen, you know, since. Because I've been doing this almost eight years now, and I've started to see like. Like the jewelry industry industry, like, blow up on the Internet because I was there at the forefront. Smithing, right? Like, making jewelry, melting it down, hammering it, doing all that. And then I started to see all these other people get into it. All the hippies and all the. And all they're doing is buying their. Their silver off of this website called Rio Grande. Right? And Rio Grande is like the website where you buy all your fabrication, you buy the sheet, you buy the bezel, you buy the solder, and then you just put it together. And I was seeing a lot of people coming up doing that. And they were able to make like fucking, you know, 10, 15 pieces a day sometimes, you know, while I'm able to make maybe two or three, you know, because everything that I'm doing is like handmade. I'm making it from the. From its raw state, you know, being little granules of silver or a silver spoon or, you know, a hunk of metal. And I'm making it from the ground up while these people are just buying it, you know, pre made everything fabricated and then making it. And you can't get as much detail when you're doing that. When you're fabricating, you can't. You can't get detail. You can only make as much as the fab. The people that are selling you the fabricated shit, you know, are gonna sell you. So like, if you're just buying sheet and wire, then that's all you're gonna be able to do. But if you're smithing, then you could add much more detail. You could do so much more. It's just the art expands, you know. But a lot of people don't want to get into it. A lot of people get into this jewelry making stuff not because they like it, but they get into it for money, you know, when I got into this art not for money, I got into it because I loved it. And I love creating and I like metal, I like hammering, I like doing all of that shit. And to me it's, you know, it's what. What I enjoy, you know, it's my getaway. You know, instead of being drunk all the time. Time. Or fucking on drugs. That's what I like to do. You know, There are some people where it's their dharma focused on money. But artists must seek art. They must seek the beauty of their art first in order to access their dharma. And so few artists are really willing to do that now and stick with it and really make something of it, you know. So it is very important for those artists to be highlighted. Because every beautiful Aryan culture, whatever you want to call it, the culture that has the inner fire, the fire Prometheus, every culture of that caliber. The true Brahmin is the artist. Yeah. The artist speaks to the people from the gods. Art is the bridge to the gods. It is the Nietzsche tragedy. Yes. So if we want to see a more beautiful world, we need to uplift artists and we need to call out bullshit. Yeah, we're truly. I mean, I truly believe, like, us as artists, we're. We are. We're that bridge to the other world. We're bringing in these concepts that are coming in, you know, from another place, and we're manifesting it through our hands, through our heart. You know, whether. Whether it's digital, physical, whatever it may be, you know, whatever medium you're using, we're truly are the conduits to that other world, man. We're the ones that are communicating with that other world and bringing it here for the rest of the people to see and to experience, to understand. And the health and wealth of the artist is indicative of the health and wealth of the culture. So 100. Yep. Long as. Listen, everyone who's watching this has got to go check out native Nomadic's work, because I'm telling you, it is beautiful. I haven't seen jewelry like this before. I love jewelry. I'm gonna get some from him soon. It's 100, man. Grills made. I'm gonna get grilled. Yeah. Yeah, dude, you should both get grills, dude. I can see both of you guys rocking grills. Be sick. Yeah, I'll get a grill. That'd be great. Yeah, let's do it. We've been planning out Dahmer's grill for, like, a year now. Oh, my God. Dude. What does she want? Like, what is her? What is her? Well, I think she. I think she wants some things, you know, some fangs and then. And then something that, like. I don't know how far we're gonna go with it, but, you know, some pretty. Yeah, yeah, he's a little elf. Like, he, you know, cyber. I could do that. Totally. Totally. I would love to do that, honestly. Yeah, I've. I've been wanting to. I've been wanting to expand more into the grill territory, man, but it's. It's honestly, like, because I. I have this casting equipment, and there's just not a lot of people right now that I know currently that are really trying to buy grills. Especially with the prices of silver, dude, and gold right now. It's crazy, you know, so people are like, it's my business is. It's not that it's taking hits, but it's just, you know, you're not getting that many people that are trying to do it. But if you guys want. You guys already know. I'll give you guys a good discount, too, man, if you want the grills. Oh, thank you, brother. Good fucking discount. Yeah. Thank you very much. Thank you. It means a lot thank you. So I gotta say something before we close this out. Like, we were on the road heading back here to shoot this. Right before we pulled in, there was a motherfucking bald eagle in the field. Sitting in the field. Dude. I see bald eagles in Missouri sometimes flying around. This motherfucker was sitting in the field eating a pig. Are you serious? Yeah. Eating a pig. So. Oh. Oh. Holy. Oh, yeah, man. That's a gold eagle, man. This is a golden eagle. This is the wing. Yeah, this is used for praying, man. It's what we use to pray and, you know, smudge. And they say you're always supposed to hold it with your left hand because the heart. The heart is. Is here on the left side of the body. So your heart goes into this. You know, when you do ritual and ceremony with it, there's. Well, that's so much significance to that. Oh, my God, the left hand. Wow. Yeah. So this would be a physical representation of the red road, then? Yep, yep. That's what I was telling you with the feathers, man. Like, if you look. The middle point, it's the middle road, Right? This is the red road. Then you have the Left Hand path and the Right Hand path. So you could choose to go either way, but all of these ways lead to the same destination, which is up here. And if you notice this, what the elder was teaching me, he was saying it's thick at the bottom. You see that? This is really thick. And then it slowly gets thinner and thinner and thinner until it just disappears, you know? So it's a representation of, like, your life. It's a representation of the spiritual path, you know? Know, the further you go up in your spiritual path, you know, you. You send h. From the natural to the subtle. Yes. From the blood to the spirit. Yes. 100. Beautiful. Beautiful. Well, yeah, listen, we ain't gonna top the golden eagle feather, so we better end this now. Hey, tell everybody where they can find your. Your beautiful jewelry. So my Instagram, native nomadic. And then I have an art page, which is Nomadic Works. Native Nomadic is native underscore. Nomadic. Nomadic works is native underscore works or Nomadic underscore works. Excuse me, but if you go to my main page, then you could see. You know what I'm saying? You could see the. My link in my bio to my art page and whatnot and just hit me up DM me, you know, and we could get working and let me know what you want made and we could start handling it from there. Beautiful. Beautiful. All right, well, thank you so much for talking to me. God damn. It's a great talk, dude. We're gonna. We're gonna take everyone who got to see this live. This is a special treat, but we're gonna put this up on Thanksgiving as a Thanksgiving Thanksgiving special. You know, from white man to red man. That's a badass idea, dude. Yeah, I'm with it. Yeah. This is the real. This is. This is how Thanksgiving should have gone. Yeah, dude. Cowboy and Indian sitting together, chit chatting about yoga. Stream. It's good stuff. There you go. You're back now. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Good, good. All right, buddy. All right. Listen, brother, we'll talk again soon. Thank you, guys. In the cremation grounds. Peace.