I want to make it as hard as possible for men to have sex. In this modern world there's this idea that men are victims. Victims of the left, victims of women, victims of a culture that just doesn't care enough about the feelings of men. Well, I'm telling you, that's a load of shit. If men can't stand up to the barriers that have been put in front of them, then there's not much value to those men. See, in the traditional world there wasn't this whining about the station of men. There wasn't this victimization, this blaming of women for all the problems in the world. See, in the traditional world, if a man wanted to gain something for himself, he had to prove his worth. He had to reach the standards that were set, by the way, by women. Because that is the nature of the divine feminine. It is this mysterious force that you have to access through a show not only of intellect, but also the body and spiritual passion. And these three things are sorely lacking from most men, including so called leaders of men like Ralo Tomasi or Andrew Tate, specifically anyone involved in the MGTOW movement. They don't understand the nature of women and they don't understand the nature of men. They have no concept of the divine masculine and the divine feminine because they live in a world of pure finance. Everything is economics to them. There's this reduced materialism, this profane understanding of the material creation that drives them to develop these really self destructive ideas. And then they spread their poison to all of these other men who feel like victims in a world that is just too harsh for them. Well, I'm telling you that this world isn't nearly harsh enough. If you want to create strong men, you've got to put them through struggle. You've got to make them strive for something. That's exactly what women should be doing. They should be raising the bar, raising the standards for men. If a man can't reach the high standards set by a woman, then he should just be alone the rest of his life because he's not worthy of the love of a woman if he can't rise to the occasion. But see, there's this idea now that women need to be brought down. They need to have their egos crushed so that men can exploit them. Because that's what this is all about. It's about economic exploitation. It's a capitalistic, communistic, purely profane, material approach to the relations between men and women. We don't need women to crush their egos. We don't need to humble them, we need to build up their egos, we need to inflame their egos. They need to have great passion, they need to express their will. And because if they do that, then men will have to work harder in order to gain their affection. They will have to work hard to court the divine feminine to reach shakti. It's the melding of those two forces, the divine masculine and the divine feminine, which creates unification, which builds up a culture that is healthy, that is an expression of the great Greek tragedy. As Nietzsche said, you have to have both the Apollonian and the Dionysian in order to reach that age of heroic action. And people like Andrew Tate or Rallo Tamasi are telling you that you should totally embrace this stoic, you know, anti ego approach to expressing the masculine. And this is counter to what is truly effective. Nietzsche once asked the question, suppose truth is a woman. Well, if truth is a woman, and I believe it is because we are living in the age of shakti, of material creation and destruction, then you have to understand women in order to access the truth. And those people who are telling you that you need to crush the will, crush the spirit of women in order to gain their affection, they don't understand women and they don't understand the truth. See, if you are out to get easy sex from women, then you're not really developing yourself as a man. You're not striving for greatness, you're not striving for the ultimate pleasure, because the pleasure that you seek is the equivalent of the amount of suffering you're willing to endure to reach that pleasure. And if you've got to knock everyone down around you, if you've got to strip women of all their value and all of their self confidence in order to convince them to sleep with you, well, what does that say about your willingness to suffer? What does that say about your ability to endure struggle? If you take on that idea, you're weak, you're pathetic, and you don't deserve a woman.