We are at Mark Twain State park in Missouri. It's very beautiful here. There's a massive lake and beautiful woodlands. I'm really enjoying my time here. And I decided that I wanted to talk about something that I had hesitated to talk about in the past publicly, because I was concerned about how this story may influence certain individual's perception of psychedelic drugs. And I came to the realization that this is important information for people to have if it's presented in the right context. And that's what I'm going to do right now. So from the time that I was roughly 7 or 8 years old until my late teens, someone very close, a very close family member, was dosing me with psychedelics without my knowledge. And this person ended up being diagnosed with a condition, a psychological condition. I'm not going to go into a lot of detail about that aspect of it. But basically, this person was using the psychedelics in order to create illness in me and also force initiate me into some ritualistic practices. This person was very skilled in tantric arts in the occult and understood the use of psychedelics in black magic. So essentially, I was given doses of these drugs in my food and in vitamin pills, things like that. And when I was on these drugs, obviously I didn't know that I had been given the drugs. So I was under the impression that all of the effects of the drugs were the result of either me going insane or, alternatively, I was given instruction concerning what I was experiencing when I was on these substances by the person who was giving them to me. So this person would give me the drugs, and then I would have intense hallucinations. And then this person would coach me through the hallucinations, and they would tell me what I was seeing, or they would plant thoughts in my mind about what I was seeing. And then they would direct me through specific. What I would later discover to be meditative practices in order to control the flow of the experience. So a lot of people wonder how I got into tantric yoga and how I possess the knowledge that I have about ancient religion and occult practices. I'm 30 years old, and a lot of people find that to be interesting because they expect me to be older than I am. But you have to understand that I started exploring ancient religion and tantra when I was about 10 years old. And I did so because I was living in a very strange environment. And I wanted to understand why these things were happening to me. Obviously, if you're a child and you're being given psychedelic drugs and you don't know that you're being given the drugs, I mean, that's a. That's a very shocking experience. It's something that forces your consciousness into a state that most people never experience. And those who do experience that state, they experience it willfully. It's not something that's forced upon them. So I wanted to understand why I was feeling the way I was feeling, why I was seeing these things. I later realized that I was forced into Ajna consciousness. I had forced Kundalini experience. And it really, it really hurt me. I was a wreck. I was a physical, spiritual, mental wreck as a result of what had been done to me. And like I said this, the dosing continued for many years. And during that time, it wasn't just the dosing of the drugs. Like I said, I was being coached through these trips. So that included things like being told by this person that I was being possessed by demons. And then I needed to use specific meditative techniques in order to expel the demons. Or I was being stalked by government agents. And I had to use meditative practices in order to repel them. I was being coached on how to access the subtle body, how to experience certain psychic phenomenon as well. And there was some strange rituals involving the Egyptian God set that I was exposed to. There was also the element of the falsified illnesses, which included having my bedroom stripped of everything, in foil, posted on the walls, and even being forced to live out in the woods for an extended period of time. Being told that I had to separate myself from technology in the modern world because it was poisoning me. All of these things really put me in a strange mental space. And like I said, that's why I started to explore first Nietzsche and then I got into exploring the tantras and the Eddas and all these ancient philosophies, ancient religious practices. And through those practices I began to understand what was being done to me. But it took a very long time. It took so long that by the time I realized what had happened, I was physically destroyed. I was malnourished. There was a year where I was given nothing but baby food. In my teen years, my growth was severely stunted by this. And I was. When I was 18 years old, I weighed 115 pounds. And when I finally broke away from this situation, I got a steady access of food. I mean, there was, there was times when I was, you know, living in dilapidated crack houses and living out of like, just horrible, horrible places. Holes in my bedroom wall where the. In the dead of the winter without running water and, you know, no steady access to food. So when I got access to food, I ate and I gained a hundred pounds in a year. And I was severely overweight. And then I realized that, you know, I was racked with anxiety. I had horrible long term lasting effects from the psychedelics. Basically. If you've heard of hppd, I have, you know, not anymore, that I still have every once in a while some symptoms of it. But it's essentially long lasting effects from heavy psychedelic usage. What some people would call like acid flashbacks or something like that. That's basically what I was dealing with for many years. It caused me to have major issues with depression. Just this depersonalization, which was the worst aspect of it, this feeling of ego death. And I felt like my entire ego was shattered from this. And of course my body was shattered as well because I was so malnourished. And then I gained all that weight and I felt a total detachment from the spirit because even though I was studying tantra, I was focusing almost entirely on the meditative aspects, tantra. And I was not involving myself deeply with the physical practices, which is interesting because I would later make the realization that tantra is primarily physical. It is the foundation of the practice, developing physical well being so that you can develop a healthy mind and spirit. But I was lacking that foundation. And so I decided that I had to make a change. I was away from those conditions that led to my poor health. And I finally had the opportunity to act independently. And what I did was I began to practice actively traditional kundalini. And through my kundalini practices, which I practiced without the aid of a guru, I explored every aspect of my consciousness through the chakra system. And this was a very painful process. It's very difficult to practice Kundalini yoga without the aid of a teacher because you can fall into traps in exploration of consciousness. And I fell into every single trap you could fall into. And it almost destroyed me. But I had already been through so much in my childhood that I had the strength of will to push through. I was able to complete the process. And through the use of Kundalini yoga, I was able to lose over 80 pounds. I was able to gain muscle, I was able to totally repair my physical health. I eliminated my depression and anxiety. I eliminated the depersonalization and I reconstructed my ego, the shattered personality. I took every little piece one by one. Through Hatha yoga and through a dedicated meditation practice, through practicing bhakti to various deities, I pieced together my broken ego and I regained myself. I achieved self realization. And that's when I decided to start taking the knowledge that I had gained over multiple decades of dedicated practice and experiencing firsthand being exposed to psychedelic black magic and forced kundalini. In some ways, I appreciate my upbringing because it gave me a platform to develop my will and my understanding of these practices beyond what I would have ever experienced if I had had a typical bourgeois American upbringing. So I realized that I wanted to take the knowledge that I had gained and teach others how to develop their ego, how to prevent total ego death and achieve self realization through the left hand path. This person that had given me these drugs and exposed me to these practices, they were applying the same techniques that I applied. In a creative sense. They were attempting to destroy me. And I used the same practices in order to build myself up. And that is the nature of non duality. There was nothing inherently evil about these practices. There's nothing inherently wrong with these practices. It's just how they're applied. And see, that's why I hesitated for so long to talk about this, Because I'm sure that my intense exposure to psychedelics over many years has had an effect on my ability to access certain states of consciousness. But that does not discount the hard work that I put into developing myself. And there are many people in our contemporary culture who believe that psychedelics alone are the answer to accessing higher consciousness. And I had this concern that if I told my story, those people would use me as an example of the power of psychedelics. But I just want you to know that yes, the psychedelics did help me to access different states of consciousness, but they destroyed me. I was broken completely by the use of psychedelics. My personality was shattered into a million pieces. And it took stripping myself of all substances, whether it was alcohol, nicotine, caffeine, psychedelics, whatever it was, I eliminated them completely. And I practiced asceticism, and I rebuilt myself through Hatha yoga, through all of these tantric practices that I now teach. And so I'm not saying that psychedelics are inherently bad. Like I said, there is no practice that is inherently good or evil. What I'm saying is that they are often abused and misused, and they are often applied through black magic practices in order to achieve an end which you may not be aware of. And I see the same type of abuse that I was exposed to being applied on a wide scale in our contemporary culture. And it's not just through the use of, you know, the typical street drugs, the street psychedelic drugs. I'm also talking about the use of psychiatric drugs in order to destroy the ego, to pacify the population to undermine the will and make people accept this purely transcendent ideology where they submit to the will of a God that does not want to empower them, but wants them to be a slave. This is the essence of Abrahamism. That is the prevailing ideology of our time. It is this move towards absolute transcendence and dissolution of the ego. And when I say Abrahamism, I don't just mean Judaism, Christianity and Islam. I also mean the Buddhist practices which are purely transcendent and directing us towards the same end as those Abrahamic religions. I'm talking about the contemporary yogic schools that are oriented entirely towards transcendence and might as well be Christianity. They are. And I'm not just talking about religious systems either. I'm talking about the atheistic modern psychology that uses psychiatric drugs and profane forms of meditation in order to direct people towards an absolute dissolution of the ego. It's all working towards the same end. It's to make you into a slave, to make you conform to this idea of a collective culture without any expressed will, expressed individuation, expressed differentiation. And so my yoga school, Ride the Tiger. Yoga is utterly opposed to pure transcendence. That may be the Dharma, it certainly is the Dharma of some individuals, but it's not my Dharma, and it's not the Dharma. It might not be your Dharma either. And so we are offering an alternative path, a path of immanence where we preserve the ego, we preserve differentiated beauty, the pain and the pleasure of the material world against the onslaught of the Abrahamic transcendent oriented systems. We are the only yoga school that I know of that offers this path. And we will continue to fight against the transcendently oriented schools that are attempting to abuse people by stripping them of their will. Because that's the thing about these schools. They're not just offering you a path and saying, you know, take it as you will. What they're saying is if you don't seek transcendence, there's something wrong with you. You're broken, you need to be fixed. Come to the light. Reject yourself entirely. And I'm saying that you should not reject yourself. You should cultivate your ego. You should become strong in your will and express it in the material world, if that is your goal, Dharma. And so that's why I decided to tell my story today, because I want you to see that there is hope for you to express your will. Even if you've been raised in conditions that have forced you into submission, there is always a chance for you to rebuild yourself and become the best version of you.