So there's this Indian guy named Praveen Moha and he makes some really good shit for YouTube. Specifically. He talks about ancient India and he's got a pretty big following, over a million subscribers. Even though YouTube has tried to fuck his shit up multiple times. They demonetize his videos, they remove videos. And Praveen has mentioned this before, he made a video about how YouTube is racist. And he's right, YouTube is racist, but they're racist against a spiritual race. And I'm going to get to that in just a moment. But first I want to talk about this problem that Praveen ran into. Very recently. He was nominated for the position of Cultural Ambassador of the Year, which is an award that is being given out by the Indian government. Now, in order to win this award, you have to receive the most votes. It's a public election for this title and Praveen won. He got the most votes. However, a review board decided to give the award to someone else. And that's no surprise because the kind of shit that Praveen talks about is very anti system. But there is another clue why this entire site may contain advanced scientific information. If we examine these chambers and caverns, we can see that many of the paintings and drawings have been deliberately erased. The paintings on the top of overhanging rocks have been intentionally destroyed. Locals claim that this deliberate act of vandalism was done in 1939 by British soldiers due to racism. However, there is a different reason why the British defaced many of the drawings and paintings. In 1939, Hitler sent a team to India to learn about ancient Indian technology, specifically about Vibanas. The British learnt about this and tried to erase evidences of these technical drawings to make sure this kind of information did not fall into German hands. It is said that the Germans documented many drawings and carvings from other Jain temples, specifically the temple of Ramatpur. The most important piece of information is on the ceiling. This carving we see is almost identical to the Large Hadron Collider, a particle accelerator in Geneva. Okay, so the Indian government is currently run by Hindu nationalists and Hindu nationalism is the prevailing social movement within India. Now, you'd think that Hindu nationalists would want to support someone like Praveen because he is displaying through his work the majesty of the Indian tradition. He's talking about the richness of Indian culture, but he's not doing it in the right way. You see, because Hindu nationalists are totally full of shit. They are not supporters of the Indian tradition. In fact, they poison the tradition. You see, I've had plenty of run ins with Hindu nationalists myself. And I'm not saying that I know for a fact that Praveen has been attacked by Hindu nationalism, but I do understand the prevailing social order and how it will influence the government's reaction or the system's reaction to his content. So Hindu nationalists have a major problem with certain aspects of India's history. Specifically, they have a problem with the Aryan invasion. Now, the Aryan invasion is something that certainly happened. Only the most deluded people would say that it's a myth. And Praveen is not promoting the Aryan invasion fact, but he is talking about the fact that there are aspects of Indian culture, Indian history, that have been suppressed by the system. And that is very true. And you see, this creates a major problem because if you start talking about suppression of Indian history, it makes people want to look into the past. It makes people want to think critically about Indian culture. And if you start to think critically about Indian culture, you're going to piss off a lot of people. First, you're going to piss off the Hindu nationalists. Because the Hindu nationalists have an agenda that is divorced from the beauty of the Indian tradition. The Indian esoteric tradition is a point on the far outskirts of their agenda. It's more like an accessory to their movement. What they're really concerned with is this totalitarian racial nationalism. I've received a lot of criticism from Hindu nationalists who think that I should shut my mouth about Tantra and Sanatana Dharma because I'm white. Well, I could just tell them to fuck off and say that the Indian tradition was founded by white people. But the racial foundation of the tradition is not really important. What's important is the spiritual nature of the tradition. The fact that Arianism is an aspect of spirit and it is something that is accessible to any living being that possesses consciousness and has the will to reach the Aryan gods. See, it's like this. The cosmos is a great symphony. And within this symphony there are certain lines of music, right? And depending upon what instrument is playing that line of music, it's going to sound slightly different, but it's the same line of music. So let's say that the Germans are playing this line of music, which is the Aryan music. And when they play it, they're playing it on a tuba, and so it comes out a certain way. And then the Greeks are playing the same line of music, and they're playing it on a harp, so it sounds different, but it's the same line of music. It's the Aryan tradition, and it is being manifested by different racial groups. Ultimately, they're approaching the same form within the cosmic symphony. Now there are other lines of music, competing lines of music within the cosmos, all vying for power. And one line of music that is currently being played all over the fucking place in the world is the degenerate solar cult, which is linked to the cult of Yahweh. Now, Hindu nationalists, they claim to be playing the Aryan music, but they're not. They're playing the Yahwist music. They can dress up the degenerate social group, they can dress up the degenerate solar cult of Yahwism in Hindu clothes, but I can hear the music that they're playing and they're not playing the music of the ancient Indian tradition. Now, Praveen is not making this point, but he is saying that there are certain aspects of, for example, temples within India that are not being discussed publicly within the nation. Because if you were to explore the significance of the symbolism within the ancient Indian tradition, if you were to explore the music that was being played, the metaphysical music, the line within the cosmic symphony that was being accessed by the ancient Indians, you would find that it is not compatible with the global system, the global political system, banking system, the social order itself. All of these aspects of culture which the powers that be rely upon would begin to crumble. Because the greatest threat to the global power structure is true Arianism. And true Arianism is a very difficult thing to find in our world because it has been suppressed and it has been confused. The confusion comes partly with the muddying of Arianism and race, blood race. Because I'm willing to bet that most people who see this video are going to think of one specific thing when I say Aryan, and that is the German National Socialist movement and the White Power movement as a whole. Because the system relies upon the confusion regarding the nature of Arianism in order to prevent the masses from embracing that beautiful line of music that used to give the world great strength and power and is now just a dirty word. You see, Arianism is something that could free people from the bonds of Christianity, Judaism, Islam, and the degenerated version of the Indian tradition, Germanic tradition, Greek tradition, Roman tradition, all of these traditions all over the world which have been spoiled by the influence of, of the solar cult. So when someone like Praveen comes into prominence and he starts digging a little too deep into history, there is a threat to the system that is exposed. And certain people start to worry about the fact that all of these individuals who are concerned about the preservation of their differentiated beauty might realize that they have a lot in common with the Indians or with the Germans or with the Greeks. They might share a spirit, a spirit that is worth preserving. And so if all of these people came together and recognized this shared Aryan tradition and saw the beautiful power that it grants, the beautiful affirmation of life, they might shrug off Christianity, they might shrug off Islam. But if you give people false hope, like the Hindu nationalists have given to the Indian people or the National Socialists and the white nationalists have given to Germanic pagans or Greco Roman pagans, if you give them that false sense of superiority and security, they might stay within their cage. This is what is happening in India and has been happening for quite some time. I want you to visit your local Hindu temple, if you have one, and feel the energy of the room. I have visited a few Hindu temples and when I enter the temple, they all have the same energetic nature. It feels like I'm walking into a mosque. And that is because Islam has had such a poisonous influence on the people of India that even the so called Hindus have taken on their energetic nature. They might worship Vishnu or Shiva, but this is only in name. Energetically, they are worshipping Yahweh. There is this intense repression of Shakti within India and within Hindu temples outside of India that destroys the beautiful foundation of the tradition. Now if you start to explore the history of India, you'll see the rot. You'll see the origin of the poison. In the Islamic invasion. Hindu nationalists claim that they want to remove the influence of Islam. They want to kick out the Islamic people and create standards of citizenship that require the Indian people to practice Hinduism. But the Hinduism that they're practicing, as I've said, is just Islam in different clothing. So ultimately they are not resurrecting the beauty of the Aryan tradition within India. They are just contributing to the further confusion and separation of the people from their roots. Shakti is being repressed within the Aryan tradition because Shakti represents the liberating principle. She is pure chaos and Shiva is pure order. Now the global power structure is obsessed with solar order as a means of controlling the masses. And if Shakti is accessed as she is through the yogic process, you have a melding, a unification of the divine, masculine, orderly power of Shiva and the divine feminine, chaotic principle of Shakti. And within that, you gain access to the ultimate expression of power. The system does not want you to be powerful. They want to undermine your power. And they do that by subjecting you to unhealthy manifestations of the solar principle within the general Structure of, of the culture and degenerated forms of Shakti which are offered as a sort of drug to the masses to keep them comfortable, to keep their attention away from the fact that they are slaves. Shakti is a source of liberation. But when she is put in chains and used by the system in order to dangle a carrot in front of the masses, you have the introduction of hedonism and nihilistic dissolution of any sense of beauty. And within that you have a total explosion of apathy across the globe. Apathy to the conditions that have been placed upon the people and the seeking of simple pleasures as a means of distracting oneself from the dominating force at play. Now of course there are those who see the hedonism around them and find it to be disgusting. Well, they swing in the opposite direction. They swing into deeper obsession with the degenerated solar cult because that is the alternative that is offered to them. And so we find individuals trying to escape the self destructive aspects of modernity, running to the absolute horror of self repression within the right wing. This is the national socialist movement, the white nationalist movement, the Hindu nationalist movement. It offers a false alternative. You are still dissolving your will. You are still made into a slave. You have not accessed the healthy expression of the divine masculine in Shiva. You have not accessed a healthy expression of the divine feminine within Shakti. You are only a slave with a different uniform. That's it. Nothing more. And within this new slavery you find myths. Myths being created for you that are not tied to the original Aryan tradition such as Odin. As this benevolent father who will lead you to some white revolution that will save the Germanic people from this imagined enemy. The enemy is you. You are your own true enemy. Whenever you buy to this Hegelian dialectic that has been fed to you. If you're so much of a weak slave that you can't see behind the bullshit that is being presented to you within these degenerate solar cults, then you deserve what you get. But I'm telling you, and people like Praveen are telling you to look deeper, look behind the wall of illusion and see the true glory that is accessible when you embrace both Shakti and Shiva in yoga, in unification.