So I was going to give this talk tonight and I was gonna go out of my way to not say anything personally disparaging about Crowley or Thelemites, because one thing that these fucking people love to do is focus on all of the personal criticism that is weighed against Crowley and any of the other degenerates that have been involved in Thelema and say, well, you know, Crowley wasn't a perfect man and none of us are perfect. And this isn't really anything that we can seriously say about Thelema because we need to focus on the ideas. And I'm gonna focus on the ideas. In fact, tonight I was gonna just focus on the ideas and be totally dispassionate because, you know, I thought maybe I'd play their game and I would just not mention all of the fucked up shit that they're involved in or insult them in any way. But I decided I don't give a shit. I'm just going to preface everything by saying that I do have logical points, many logical points, and I will bring up all of the absurdities and all of the inconsistencies with Delmarch. But I'm also going to talk about how fucking pathetic this cult is and how fucking pathetic Aleister Crowley was, because it needs to be known. And I'm not going to censor myself. I'm tired of playing their fucking games. That's one of the things they do. They are a cult of the word, okay? They're self proclaimed scholars. And so the idea is that we always have to deal with, you know, the what's written down, what's in the books, and they can bend their interpretation of their own religion pretty easily because it is so insanely convoluted. But we are tonight going to cut down to the bone, the raw bone of what Thelema is, and we're going to identify why it is ultimately the most destructive cult within serious esoteric studies. Okay, so first off, the one thing that you have to understand about Thelema is ultimately it is a Yahweh worship cult. Now, the fact that Thelemites are all worshiping Yahweh, exclusively worshiping Yahweh is something that is very heavily occulted because Thelema is constructed in such an incredibly convoluted manner that it is nearly impossible to get to the core of the religion. And this was done on purpose because Thelema, being a Yahweh cult, is a cult of the word. It is a Vishudi cult. And Vishudi magic utilizes the Word in order to confuse and to entrap. And that is what Crowley was able to do to so many people. Now, I say Crowley, but ultimately Crowley is just a pawn. He is a bag of meat that was possessed, angelically possessed. And we will get into that in just a moment. But you can just assume that when I say Crowley after he met Adonai or Ayahuasca, we are talking about the spirit of Yahweh, the Holy Spirit that runs through him harder than any fucking Alabama Baptist preacher you've ever met in your life. So, like I said, Thelema is extremely complicated and convoluted. There are many different sects, I guess, of Thelema, although they all call themselves Thelemites, and it's all Thelema. And ultimately, what Thelema is, is it is a formula. It is a magical formula that is based upon two major principles. And we're going to get into those principles later on. But even though it is a formula. Got to get this fucking tie off. It's hot in here. The goddamn Caribbean. Even though it is a formula, it is also a religion. And as a religion, it has attracted a lot of people who are mesmerized by the complexity of it. And like any good Yahweh cult, there are so many ways to interpret the central message that you can, as a Thelemite, hide your true intentions in all of these different little caves of the word. So one thing you'll find whenever you start criticizing Thelema is you'll get some obscure Thelemite writer who will come out and he'll say, well, yes, that's what Crowley said. But, you know, Crowley isn't Thelema. Thelema is something bigger than Crowley. So, you know, I actually listen to Lon, Milo Duquet or something like that. I'm more in his school of thought and blah, blah, blah. It's all. It's just like Christianity, where everyone has their own interpretation of the Bible and their interpretation is the right interpretation. You can't narrow it down if you give yourself over to the spell. And the spell is the beautiful enticement of words. Because people who are attracted to the mystery within the occult are drawn to Thelema. Because when you get into Thelema, you find that there are all of these books. First off, Crowley wrote a shitload of books on his magical concepts. I mean, just an insane amount of words spewed out by that. And not only that, but you have all of these people who have come after him who have just vomited words Words, constant stream of. And if you try to understand Thelma and you say, okay, I'm going to devote myself to this, I'm really going to understand Thelma, and you don't have the keys to understanding the essential energetic nature of what's happening so that you can pick out the stream of thought that really matters, you will be entrapped for life reading all of this. I mean, it is a vicious cycle of intellectual masturbation. That is what Thelema is. So like I said, it's a good Yahweh cult. And like any good Yahweh cult, you have all these different preachers who have all of their different interpretations of what it is. And then you have all of these books, these commentaries, commentaries on, commentaries on commentaries. If you get lost in that, you become sort of like a useful idiot to the cult. Because the inner circle of Thelema knows full well what the cult is all about. Just like the inner circle of the Catholic Church knows what the Catholic Church is all about, the inner circle of Judaism knows what Judaism is all about. But there's this lack of real authenticity in the expression of ideas within Thelema. If you've read the Book of the Law, you'll know that it is almost indecipherable. It is drivel, it's the ravings of what you would think is a drug addled maniac. But in fact it's not drugs that caused him to behave this way. It is angelic possession. But of course, if your cult is based on the sexiness of words, being enticed by words and you know, getting all these well meaning people, because there's a lot of well meaning people within dilemma who want to be seen as intelligent, they want to be seen as wise, as knowledgeable people. Their thirst for knowledge is legitimate. These people want to be seen as someone who is well read and has the ability to look at things in a very honest way and assess their ideas, assess their own beliefs and come to their own conclusion. And so this is the trap, because this leaves you open to the influence of, well, what is my personal interpretation? Oh wow, there's so much significance in this, you know, it's kind of like the fringe artist who drinks a bunch of beer and shits on a canvas and is like, oh, look at this, the splatters of shit. There must be so much meaning on this canvas, you know, and all these well meaning lovers of art stare at the canvas covered in shit and they see all the different, know, symbols in it. They're like God. Wow. This is really. This speaks to me. But deep down, it's a pile of. It's like looking into a puddle and everyone's telling you, oh, that puddle. It's a deep, deep hole. That puddle. It's. It's like the ocean and you see the reflection of the sky and it looks like, wow, that puddle could be really deep. You know, I better not step too far into that because I might be entrapped by all the incredible magic of this puddle. But of course, if you actually put your foot in the puddle, it's about 2 inches deep. That's Thelema. And so let's put our foot in the pedal. So eao. This is the Iota Alpha Omega, the Tetragrammaton. This is a very central concept within Thelamma. And what Crowley is touching upon here, he is invoking the true name of Yahweh. Now, when the priesthood of Yahweh speaks his name, we have to remember that Yahweh is an esoteric incel. And so he doesn't want to be doxxed. That's his worst nightmare, that everyone knows his name and knows what he looks like, because then we can all make fun of him on the Internet. And so Yahoo. Yahweh has to conceal his name. And there's all of this occulted aspect of the Word. Of course, this is a Vishudi cult. And so the, the magic of Yahweh is very strong. It's a very good example of the power of Vishudi magic utilizing words in order to control people, in order to manifest things, in order to manifest an entire age, which is what has occurred here. And but the priesthood of Yahweh, when they speak his name aloud, they usually will use the term Adonai. That's the traditional term to use in place of the True Name. Okay, but within the True Name, you have this, this concept of the IO and you have all these Hebrew terms that Yahweh and Eiyo, the whole concept are derived from. And one of those words is the Hebrew causative form of Hawa, which means become. And specifically it means he will cause to become. And pay attention to that word will, he will cause to become. This is very important in dissecting the occulted aspects of Thelema. So eao, sorry, it's just funny because Ash made a joke about eieio earlier today, and it was Abraham's farm. Abraham's farm. So EIO is a, is a very central concept to Thelma and to Crowley. It is yoga. It is the essence of yoga. Because you have to understand something about Crowley. He loves to bastardize elements of Aryan tradition. I mean, of course he does, because ultimately he's a Christian. I mean, this is what they do, the Yahweh cultists. They take things from pagan cults and they twist them around and they use them in order to convince others of their power, their superiority. So EIO is Crowley's yoga, and it is a total bastardization of yoga. Yoga is union. It's unification. And so when Crowley starts to integrate Tantra, he starts to integrate the Indian tradition. And he wants to present himself as a yogi. And he does it through this concept of the I representing Isis, the A representing Apophis, and O representing Osiris. So specifically, Crowley states, I is Isis, nature ruined by a Apophis the destroyer, and restored to life by the redeemer, Osiris. So what do we have in this formula? Well, remember, this is supposed to be yoga. And so Isis representing nature. This is the mother. This is the earth mother. This is Shakti. Shakti is ruined by Apophis the destroyer. Okay, so this is Shiva. So what he's doing is he's using words here. He's trying to draw a connection between Apophis being the destroyer and Shiva being the destroyer. But of course, Apophis is not Shiva in the Egyptian tradition. But this is a confusion of words, and it is an intentional confusion of words, because once again, that's what we're doing. We're using more word magic here in Thelema. It's like a cult in Sesame Street. So then we have the combination of Shakti and Shiva. It is the goal of tantra, is the goal of yoga. Not tantra, but yoga to raise the Kundalini serpent, Shakti, from the base of the spine to the crown. Where we find the Sahasra, we find Shiva. This is the home of Shiva. And with this unification, we have a transcendence of duality and we reach a point of enlightenment, of understanding. From this point, we can then proceed to the left hand path and self realization. But for Crowley, the formula of Isis, Apophis, and Osiris is like the ultimate formula. It is the end. And what we see here is the unification of the divine feminine and the divine masculine. The woman is ruined by the destroyer, and then this is redeemed through unification, where we can no longer see a difference between what is feminine and what is masculine. Now all we have is Osiris. And Osiris to Crowley is Yahweh. And he makes this clear connection between the two, because really, what he's touching upon is the patriarchal nature of Osiris and Yahweh. Yahweh, originally within the Canaanite pantheon, was a patriarchal storm God, Osiris, filling the patriarchal role within the Egyptian tradition. Here we have a connection between the two, where Crowley is saying ultimately that Osiris is the ultimate God, the ultimate form of God, and everything else is illusion. And Yahweh, as we will see later on, and I will provide more evidence of this, Yahweh is, to Crowley, the ultimate God. He is the ultimate expression. And so Osiris does not possess an individuated personality. He is not an individuated form, a differentiated God. To Crowley, he is just another aspect of Yahweh. So when Crowley is referencing these patriarchal gods within his system, what he's doing is he's ultimately linking everything back to. To the eao, to the Tetragrammaton, to Yahweh. So we have with O the unification of self and other. This is a very important concept within Thelema. Ultimately, this is what you're doing. You're trying to unify the unrefined false self, so the ego, the individual, with other. Once you are able to do this, then you have oneness. Then you have the achievement of the ultimate work, the one work, as Crowley called it, the one work of importance. Now, there are many practices that are integrated into this one work. And perhaps the most important practice for a Thelemite is connection with the Holy Guardian Angel. Crowley states that the Holy Guardian angel to reach this being is the ultimate work of the initiate. And if you perform any action, it should be directed towards this one work. So I'm going to give a quote from Magic Book four. Yeah, we're four books in here. And he says this is Crowley speaking. As was said at the opening of the second chapter, the single supreme ritual is the attainment of the knowledge of and conversation of the Holy Guardian Angel. And it is the raising of the complete man in a vertical straight line. Any other operation is black magic. If the magician needs to perform any other operation than this, it is only lawful insofar as it is a necessary preliminary to that one work. End quote. Okay, there's a lot to unpackage here. So, single supreme ritual. Everything in Thelema leads to this. Everything. All of the books that have been written, all the commentaries, the endless stream of dribble, all leads to this one point. The single supreme ritual Connection to the Holy Guardian Angel. Now, first off, what I must point out right here, right off the bat, is that connection with the Holy Guardian angel is angelic possession. That is the goal. The goal of Thelema is to prime the initiate for angelic possession. And the form of angelic possession that is represented by this ritual is possession by Yahweh. Because ultimately, everything leads to Yahweh in this cult. And the Holy Guardian angel is an emissary of Yahweh. And of course, the nature of the angelic within the Yahweh cult is that everything that is angelic is in submission to Yahweh, is ultimately an extension of Yahweh, because the angelic in this sense lacks any differentiated form and ultimately leads to oneness or Osiris, the endpoint of eio, the unification with the one God, Yahweh. So that's the Holy Guardian Angel. Now, the raising of the complete man in a vertical straight line. Well, what is this referring to? Well, this is referring to the Right Hand Path. The Right Hand Path of Kundalini Yoga is representing consciousness as a vertical straight line. You advance from the Muladhara through all of the chakras to the Sahasra. It is vertical. There is a vertical hierarchy that is established because the bias is placed towards the subtle body, that which is beyond the material plane. We begin in the material plane and we advance to pure spirit. Vertical, straight line. If you veer off this path at all, you are failing that one work that Crowley speaks of. So ultimately, what we have here is yet another example of a solar cult. A Right Hand path solar cult that diminishes the Lunar, has no place for a true representation of the Left Hand Path and ultimately leads to unification with Yahweh. Now, this is very sinister because at least in the Indian tradition and in the certain aspects of the Tibetan tradition, there is still this healthy divine masculinity where you are really reaching Nirvana. You are reaching a point of unification and oneness. You're reaching Brahma through the vertical path, through the ascending path. But this vertical path does not lead to real, healthy divine masculinity. It leads to Yahweh. And Yahweh is, of course, a false representation of that divine masculinity. Regardless, there's no room for differentiated form in this system. And so ultimately is a total rejection of the Left Hand path. Any other operation is black magic, says Crowley. Well, Crowley despises black magic. He believes that black magic is that which falls outside of his system. And it is any magic that is active. So empowering yourself to create real, tangible effects in the material world. This is black magic. Because ultimately the material world is to be rejected, and the goal is to diminish the power of the initiate to prime them for their angelic possession, keep the initiate as weak as possible until they meet the holy guardian angel and become possessed. So it is only lawful, Crowley says, that the magician performs this operation, this ritual. Well, of course, we have the law, the obsession with the law, the book of the law, Law, law, law. Everything is the law. Everything is the law. Because this is ultimately a Jewish culture. This is ultimately a cult of Yahweh, which is highly legalistic. And so all of the magic that is present within this cult is just an application of law. And we'll see how sinister this becomes in a moment when I talk about do what thou wilt. And so we have that one work. Now, that one work is, of course, what I have already stated, unification with Yahweh. Let's go on, however, to the continuation of this quote from book four of Magic. Crowley states, there are, however many shades of gray. It is not every magician who is well armed with theory. Perhaps one such may invoke Jupiter with the wish to heal others of their physical ills. This sort of thing is harmless or almost so. It is not evil in itself. It arises from a defect of understanding. Until the great work has been performed, it is presumptuous for the magician to pretend to understand the universe and to dictate its policy. Okay, so what Crowley is stating here is that work with any differentiated aspect of the Aryan tradition is a defective understanding. And so if the magician is to recognize that the differentiated form of, let's say, Jupiter is to be utilized in an active sense. So, like, if you call upon Jupiter to heal someone, or you call upon Odin to lead someone to wisdom, this is a defect because it gets in the way of that one work, which is unification with Yahweh. And Crowley brings up evil in this section. And it's very funny because Crowley believes in good and evil. He is a moralistic dualist, which most people don't know. They think that he's a hedonist, but he's not. In fact, he is very moralistic. And he does believe that black magic is evil. He believes that accessing demonic forces to empower oneself in a material sense is ultimately evil or a distraction and should be set aside. So let's talk about. Let's talk about Crowley's perspective of the demonic, because it might Seem like once you access the Holy Guardian angel, you're given power to operate within the material world in some left hand path since. But this is just a confusion of words that is meant to mystify and it is a false promise. Quoting from Equinox of the Gods, Crowley states, after a period of communion with the angel, he's referring to the Holy Guardian Angel. He summons the four great princes of the demonic world and forces them to swear obedience. On the following day, he calls forward and subdues the eight sub princes. And the day after that, the many spirits serving these, these inferior daemons, of whom four act as familiar spirits, then operate a collection of talismans for various purposes. Okay, so end quote 1. There's a lot to go through here as well. So what we have here is Crowley is enticing those who are aware of what occurs after the first initiation. And when I'm referring to the first initiation, what I'm talking about specifically is the Right Hand Path. After you advance through the Right Hand Path and you achieve transcendence, you now are operating from a point of power where you can access the demonic and you can utilize it towards your power. So those who are interested in Thelema and have some understanding of the nature of the Left Hand Path, the true Left Hand Path, they might read this and think, okay, well, I know what Crowley's getting at here. He's saying that the Holy Guardian angel, well, this is just. This is the being that is going to lead me to transcendence so that I have power over the demonic. That's not what he's stating. What this is. This is Yahweh regaining his power over the rebelling angels, the angels that have been cast out. There are so many occulted elements of Jewish magic within this one little section. It's really incredible. We're not going to go through all of it. We're just going to go through what is relevant to this discussion right now. But basically, within the Bible, we have the tradition of the rebel angels that go with Lucifer and they lead a war against Heaven. Now, of course, the Bible is written from the perspective of the victor, even though Yahweh isn't really the victor in this esoteric war. But of course, this is a book from his perspective. So it's like reading a book about World War II that was written by communist Russians in 1957. You're going to get kind of a skewed perspective on the events that had occurred. Excuse me. So what we have here is the idea that, well, Yahweh is so powerful that when these angels rebelled, he just cast them out because he's in total power over them. And he just waved a little wand. And then all of these rebel angels are cast out of heaven because Yahweh has that much power. But of course, Yahweh doesn't have that much power. He doesn't have total power over the demonic. He doesn't have control over the earth. He's like the kid who, you know, loses a game and then goes around and tells everyone, well, no, I really won because they weren't following the rules the right way. If they were following the rules the right way, I would be the winner. So I consider myself the winner. I cast them out of heaven. He's like the spoiled brat who just fucking can't stand to lose. And so an entire cult is based around protecting his ego. Like I said, Yahweh is the ultimate incel. And so, so much of the Yahweh cult is based upon putting the object of Yahweh's hatred in submission. Like, for example, women. And we're going to get to this later because dilemma is ultimately heavily, highly misogynistic. But the idea that women in the Abrahamic tradition, they should be placed in submission because ultimately this goes back to the relationship between Yahweh and Lilith. Lilith being a woman who had the guts to reject the submission that was placed upon her by Yahweh, the system that was handed to her, and she rejected it. And so, so much of the Yahweh cult is, let's put women into slavery because it makes Yahweh feel better that, well, at least I can punish all of these women because maybe I don't have control over Lilith, but I can put them into slavery. That's what that's all about. The impulse, the misogynistic impulse within Yahwism goes all the way back to Lilith rebelling against Adam in Eden. And so we have an extension of that because ultimately the demonic forces are operating with the divine feminine aspect. And because they are operating with the divine feminine aspect, they go with Lilith. And so there is an obsession with controlling the demonic within Yahwism. There is an obsession with we have power over demons. So the Catholic Church, when they perform an exorcism, they say, you know, they show the crucifix and they say, I have power over you, demon. I have Jesus Christ on my side. Right. Well, of course, ultimately what's happening is they're applying an esoteric counterbalance and if the person who is participating in the ritual gives themselves over to that counterbalance, then of course the magic is going to work. But does that mean that the divine masculine aspect has dominance always over the divine feminine aspect? No, of course not. Anyone who understands magic knows that there is balance between the divine masculine and the divine feminine. And depending upon where you direct your energy, either the divine masculine or divine feminine can become dominant at any given time. But ultimately these forces are on the macro level, in balance. But of course that balance is disrupted within Yahwism. Within Yahwism, balance becomes a problem. Balance becomes this aspect of postmodern non duality that the Christians are always whining about. And so here we have, in this section from Equinox of the Gods, we have this systematic enslavement of the demonic forces. Systematic enslavement of the differentiated aspect. And of course this goes against the true left hand path concept of legion, where you are forming a brotherhood with the demonic. You are not placing yourself as a ruler over the demonic. You are working with these forces as legion. But here we have submission, submission of the great princes. And of course, what are we doing here? We're also noting that these are inferior daemons. Of course we have to include that because we have to let everyone know that Yahweh is the king. Yahweh is superior to everyone and everyone must bow down to him, including all the demons who had the guts to leave heaven of their own will and are waging a war, continuous war, which has not ended and will see the complete death of Yahweh and his cult on this earth, the complete destruction of Heaven. Someday we will see that. But for now, we continue the fight. So, oh, and one, one last thing. The various purposes that Crowley mentions that you can utilize these demons for, well, that's just a honey pot. He's just saying, okay, if you, if you allow yourself to be possessed by the Holy Guardian angel, what you're going to get is this great. The riches of the earth will be laid out before you. But of course it's too fucking late. If you've already allowed yourself to be possessed by the spirit of Yahweh, it's over. It's like saying the streets of heaven are paved with gold. It's bullshit. Anyone who understands the esoteric nature of Christianity knows that. And actually you can read it in the Bible that anyone who places their karma in alignment with the Christian tradition, you'll be given the heaven that you seek. And what it is is you bowing down at the feet of Yahweh and Christ and singing their praises for eternity. So I hope you enjoy that shit. So let's move on. Oh, okay. So Crowley, I said that he was angelically possessed. He is the beginning of this tradition of possession by the Holy Guardian Angel. And, of course, who was he possessed by? Well, he contacted this entity, or he was contacted by this entity known as Ayawas. But of course, if you read more into Pelema, you'll know that Crowley referred to Ayahuas as Adonai. Adonai, the name that is given to Yahweh by the Jewish priests. He is possessed by Adonai or Ayahuas. Or, of course, we know our buddy who shows up all the time, and I've been talking about him a lot lately. But that's because this cult is running rampant everywhere. Yahweh. So Crowley is possessed by Yahweh, and he starts composing all of these books of just, like, absolute nonsense with a few things sprinkled in, a few little nice tidbits that give us an idea of what this cult is ultimately about. But you have to have the keys of understanding. And those keys are heavily, heavily occulted. Of course, we are now releasing those tonight. So Crowley is an extremely weak magician. See, that's the thing. There's this belief that Crowley was some kind of extremely powerful man. He had access to great magic. But no, he literally was a weak, pathetic man who, on his first attempt at a real contact with an entity in subtle space, is immediately possessed by Yahweh. Immediately, because he doesn't have the skills. He doesn't have the knowledge. He wasn't really a yogi. He didn't know what he was doing. So as soon as he got into this situation, immediately he's possessed by Yahweh. And that's why I call him a meatbag. Because it's really wrong to criticize Crowley and blame him for all of this shit that happened because literally, he was fully possessed. You can look at his eyes if you can understand. When you learn to read consciousness through practice, you can feel the presence of Yahweh within that man just by looking at a picture of him. Just look into his eyes. You can sense it. And compare pictures of Crowley when he was younger to his later years, and you will see the energetic difference. He is absolutely angelically possessed. And by the way, angelic possession is something that is recognized by the Catholic Church, even if they don't want to speak about it in public. But honestly, who gives a Shit. What they recognize and don't recognize, because we know it's real. Because we actually practice magic and we understand there is demonic possession, there is angelic possession. And we identify Crowley as being angelically possessed, not only because he calls out the name Adonai, but also because the nature of his possession. It's all about leading back to Yahweh and removing the differentiated aspect. Differentiation becomes poison to those who are angelically possessed. Because really, angels are like tentacles of a central force, and they go out and grab things and pull them in to that central force. That central force is the monistic point. It's oneness. Now, of course, in this instance, we have Yahweh replacing El within the Jewish tradition, El being the original aspect of Brahma or Yimir. Yes. See, here we have a picture that's been brought up. Yes, he's angelically possessed. Very obvious. If you look at the eyes and actually compare Crowley's eyes. While I'm at it, compare Crowley's eyes to Heaven's Gate. Who's the Heaven's Gate? I can't remember his name. Heaven's Gate. Oh, Marshall Apple White. Marshall Applewhite. Yes. Compare the eyes of Crowley to Marshall Applewhite. Same aspect of possession, angelic possession. Okay, so where was I? So here we have. Here we have Crowley angelically possessed. And he is obsessed with the idea of destroying that, which is. You guys are cracking me up with these messages. He's obsessed with destroying everything that Yahweh hates because it's not Crowley, it's Yahweh working through the meat bag. And so, of course, what does Crowley name his daughter? Lilith. He names his daughter Lilith because, of course, Lilith is the daughter of Yahweh who rebels against him. And so now what would Yahweh do? What's the first thing that Yahweh would do? Being the insane incel that he is, the esoteric incel. First thing he does when he gets a human form is he impregnates a woman and names his daughter Lilith. And then Lilith dies, of course, under mysterious circumstances. I mean, she died of tuberculosis, I believe. But there was potentially some abuse happening, maybe not from Crowley, possibly from Crowley. Blamed his wife for her death. But who knows what happened? There's a lot of mystery surrounding. And I don't want to assume what happened, because if I do, the telemites will say, oh, my God, he's making up lies about Crowley. He has no real points. He doesn't understand what he's talking about. He doesn't make any logical arguments. He's just ad hominem attacks against our beautiful fat savior. Anyway. Increasing mockery of women when Crowley has an affair on his wife and names his next daughter after the woman that he's having an affair with. So, of course, here we have that whole mockery of the Jezebel spirit and all of this. And this is some really intense psychological shit happening here with Yahweh. Yahweh needs to see a shrink, okay? Yahweh is obsessed with himself and wants to see that his will be done in everything. Okay? This is an aspect of intense maladjustment of Vishuddhi consciousness. People who are of a Vishudi consciousness who become very maladjusted, they can't see anything outside of themselves because the Vishudi is, of course, the seat of the mind. It is air. Everything leads back into the self with the Vishudi, with the mind. Now, individuals are well adjusted in the Vishudi. They can operate within the external world because they learn how to take their internal matrix and transplant it out onto the material world and represent their ideas through beautiful works, works of engineering, works of art. All of these things that have been created in modernity, these beautiful things are aspects of this flow of the mind. I mean, not. Not everything, but many things that have been created by people of Vishuddhi consciousness. Beautiful things. But there is this potential for the mind to become very obsessive and this solipsism to develop. And, of course, Yahweh is a solipsist, and he believes that everything is a product of him, of his mind, of His Word. And so he's also obsessed with making sure that his will be done in all things. So what is the core tenet of every Abrahamic religion? It is submission to the will of Yahweh, the will of God. Right. So let's get to Thalamic law and see how this relates to this aspect of Vishuddi consciousness, which is maladjusted in Yahweh. It's pretty bad when you're a God and you have maladjusted consciousness. And. And let's see how it applies through the cult of Thelema. Thelemic law. Two major concepts. The first concept, this is directly from Crowley. Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law. Okay? Now, many people confuse this, and they say, well, this is a hedonistic statement. It's saying, you can just do whatever you will, and that's fine. It's all permitted well, that's purposeful because this attracts hedonists into the cult. It attracts people who are aimless, who are easily manipulated. This is the exoteric expression. And so most of the people who have bought the Book of the Law are just fuck ups who have no self control whatsoever, are probably, you know, like, into the aesthetic of Crowley. And I mean, they're gonna read this shit and they're not gonna really understand any of it. But of course, you know, they bought the book, they read it, so they got to pretend like it meant something. It's like you buy, you buy the ticket to go see the, the fucking art show with the guy who's shitting all over the canvas, you know, and, well, you, you paid for the ticket, you know, you dressed up that night, you drank the fucking champagne. So you might as well say, ah, it's good. So that's, that's one of the traps. But of course, there are many layers to this statement. And as you get higher up in the hierarchy of Thelma, this one statement changes its meaning. So at, at some point, the midwit understanding of Thelma, of sorry, of this law, is that do what thou wilt means you're living dharmically, you're living in accordance with your nature. So this is Evola's understanding of do what thou wilt. Of course, Evola is an esoteric midwit, and so he doesn't really reach the full understanding of what Crowley is getting at here. He reaches the point of, okay, I see we are now dealing with, you should do what is your nature, what is an expression of your will, your differentiated self, that is the whole of the law. And this is what is appealing to those people who reach the point where they feel that they're scholars within Thelema and they like to do the. Um, actually, whenever someone brings up do what thou wilt is a hedonistic statement, um, actually, it's really just expressing your dharma. Well, no, that's bullshit. Actually, what it means is that there is no difference between man and God in Thelema, because ultimately everything is eiyo. Everything is dissolved into Yahweh. And so whose will are we doing? Hmm? If our goal is to connect with the Holy Guardian angel as the one great work, hmm? And we're supposed to do our will once we are connected with this Holy Guardian angel and the Holy Guardian angel is connected to Yahweh, maybe we're doing the will of Yahweh. Oh, what a surprise. It's another trap to just being part of A big Jewish cult. What a surprise. That is the true meaning of do what thou wilt. Now you know the next theemic law. I'm having a lot of fun with this tonight, by the way. I've been wanting to talk about this for a long time. Thank you. The next. The next statement in the Limic Law. Love is the law. Love under will. Okay, here we go. All relational aspects between people, which is what we mean by love in this statement. All relational aspects are governed by Yahweh. This is another aspect of Yahweh. Getting into our love life, getting into our bedroom, having to be involved in all of our relationships with our family. Oh, I love my wife, but really, I love God first. Oh, I love my country, but God is always first. That's what we're talking about here. Love is the law. Love of what? Love of God. We all must love Yahweh. Yeah, give it up for Yahweh. He's tricked us again. Prickly little bastard. So, of course, the neophytes, when they get into Thelma, they think, do what thou wilt. Love is the law. It's like a free love hippie cult. Now, let's all get involved in these big orgies at the Thelma convention at the local Marriott. And we'll all get drunk and take MDMA and have this big orgy. And that's pretty much what goes on with Thelma. I mean, that is straight up what goes on at pretty much every level of Thelma until you get to the top. He's not lying. And they even do it at the top, too. They do it at the top, too, but it's a little. With a little bit of a different flavor. And I'll get into that. But yeah. So Thelma utilizes sexual energy in order to degrade the divine feminine and bring all of that energy back to heaven. And so the true nature of this is revealed at the highest levels of Thelma. But they're not going to tell the neophyte performing the lesser banishing ritual in his goddamn living room that ultimately he's submitting to Yahweh, even though he's calling out the name of Yahweh on the regular. And he's reading in all of his books that Yahweh is. Is the one God. And EIo. It's like, holy. So total submission to Yahweh. Now, let's talk about magic with a K. I fucking hate when I see the word magic spelled with a K. It is one of my pet peeves. I hate this shit magic with a K means that you are taking all of the magic out of magic. That is what you are doing. When they put the K on the end of magic, you are confining yourself to a matrix. The reason why Crowley put the K on magic is because in his definition of magic, the only thing that exists is that is magical is that which. That obeys the laws of nature. Okay, that is within the confines of science, right? So there's this weird scientism within Thelma, where all of these people are kind of like magic apologists, and they say, well, we believe in magic, but really it's just psychology. Really, it's just. It's just science. And of course, for Crowley, if you're manipulating the material and you're creating what he calls miracles, this isn't. This isn't. This isn't good. This is black magic. This is evil. The real magic you should practice is that which is within the confines of modern society, within modernism, within science. That's real magic. That's magic with a K. We all know what the K stands for. Ketamine. Ketamine. Yeah, that's right. So you are intentionally limiting the power of the magician when you confine all magic to science. Because when you do this, you are saying to yourself, I don't have the power to actually manipulate material forces within this plane of consciousness, within this dimension. I don't have that power. Now, most of us in this school have had experiences which people would refer to as miraculous because we're practicing real magic. And you can experience things which are miraculous. It is possible. But if you're a Thelemite, you're restricted. Black magic is not allowed. And so you must stay within the confines of the Yahweh Matrix until you are possessed by your Holy Guardian Angel. That is ultimately the goal. So how do you ensure. If you're creating a cult, if you're Yahweh and you just possess this dipshit, and you want to create a cult where you ensure that the people are weak enough that you can possess them consistently every time they reach that point of communion with you, what do you do? Well, you gotta. First, you gotta put K on the end of magic, and then you gotta convince them to stay within the confines of modernity. That's what you do. And then they're so weak by the time they meet the Holy Guardian angel that they can't possibly defend themselves. So, okay, we're going to talk about something a little bit strange here regarding sex and Thelema. And it all Links with Yahwism in general. And I think it's worth mentioning. And that is this weird manifestation of misogynistic homosexuality within Thelema that is also present within Catholicism. And it is really just an aspect of Yahweh's nature. Like I said, Thelma is very misogynistic, but so is everything that is derived from Yahweh. And it's weird because within the Catholic Church, and this is well known now, there's actually been multiple really good books written about this subject and how I will post. I'll post a link to one of those books in the chat later. But there is this occulted homosexuality within the Catholic Church. And it's well known. It's understood that, you know, if you were a young gay boy in European society in the Middle Ages and you couldn't come out as gay, what could you do to bring your family honor? Well, you could enter the priesthood. And so Catholicism attracted a lot of homosexuality. And of course, homosexuality is of course not inherently misogynistic, but the aspect of homosexuality that exists within Yahweh cults is inherently misogynistic. And so you have within the Catholic Church this obsession with control of women. And there's this weird sexual component, there's this weird sex cult underneath, you know, And I call it a weird sex cult because I think Yahweh is weird. I think his energy is weird. His energy disturbs me. This weird obsessive incel man in the sky who is wanting to control everything that we do sexually, but is simultaneously entertaining some of the most intense fantasies you could possibly imagine. Intense BDSM fantasies involving, you know, women, children, men and animals. That's kind of weird. And of course, this is present within Thelema. There is a lot of misogynistic homosexuality within Thelema. And Crowley himself, of course, I say Crowley, but I mean, Crowley was homosexual before he entered Thelema or before he created Thelema. But it really became a very important aspect of his sex ritual after the formation Thelma, after his possession by Yahweh. And so I just thought it was interesting to mention this because it seems like every time Yahweh forms a cult, first off, he's got to bring all the women into submission, and then he's got to make sure that all the men are having sex with each other. And it's just, it. I mean, it's just interesting. It's something interesting to mention. And this is. This is something that is present within Thelema. There is a oh yes, and one question that was just mentioned here. The hatred of homosexuals by Yahweh. Okay, so Yahweh is like energetically a self hating gay man who is like, you know, the Baptist preacher who goes out on Sunday morning on the TV and says all gay people are going to burn in hell, but then he's getting in the ass by a leather daddy later that night. That is the energy of Yahweh. That is also the energy of Thelma as a whole. And of course I have zero problem with homosexuality and I don't, you know, I don't mention this as a criticism of homosexuality, but it is important to mention because it is a very important aspect of the cult. Because sex magic does play an important role in the cult. And we're going to get to that right now. So Thelema loves to parade the scarlet women and loves to say that women are treated as equal within Thelema. But once again, this is another honey pot to attract well meaning women who want to learn, who want to know, who want to expand their knowledge of the occult and are attracted by the massive body of literature that is present within Thelema. But of course, this body of literature is just a smokescreen, just as the equality of the sexes within Thelema is a smokescreen, because ultimately this is a highly misogynistic cult. And here we have the concept of Babylon. Okay? Now Babylon, spelled B, A, B, A, L, O, nun. Babylon is a representation of femininity in what Yahweh perceives to be its purest form, which is a no good whore. And basically the idea is that you use this no good whore, Babylon, in order to elevate your power. And that's all she's good for, is to elevate your power. So there is this weird element of the degradation of women within Thelema where you are to utilize them in abusive sex ritual practices so that you can appease your holy guardian angel and achieve the great work. And so what happens is we have this false equality where Crowley essentially states that we are all God's children. Everyone, every man and woman is a star. Right? It's the equivalent of the Baptist preacher coming on and saying, we're all God's children, but women need to get their fucking ass back in the kitchen because I'm hungry. It's that kind of thing. And so what we have here is this promotion. It's kind of reversed a little bit in Thelema because in the Baptist church it's like women are told, oh, you need to be nice, clean girl and be a good trad wife. In Thelema, it's like the hedonistic element is that first little bite, that enticement that gives you a link to the cult. And once you take that bite, you start getting involved in all these hedonistic practices. And so sexual hedonism is heavily promoted in the women who join Thelema, because ultimately the goal is to mock women, mockery of women. This is central. This is why we have Crowley naming his daughter Lilith, why we have Crowley mistreating women constantly, why we have the idea of the scarlet woman being utilized, first off as a symbol of what women might be able to achieve, this false sense of power. Oh, I can be a scarlet woman. But of course, behind the scenes, they're being abused. Maybe not all being abused, but their role is specifically esoterically inferior to Yahweh, to the divine masculine principle, because ultimately they must all be destroyed for unification. And I know Evelyn mentioned in his writings on Crowley that there were rumors regarding these women dying of suicide, some of these women dying of suicide, some of these women dying of overdoses during Crowley's ritual sex rituals involving drugs. Now, of course, these are rumors, and I have to make sure that I mention that these are rumors, even though we know Crowley was a piece of shit, or at least Yahweh is a piece of shit operating through Crowley. But I have to make sure that I say these are rumors, because all of the Thelemites are going to come out and say, see? Ad hominem attack. He doesn't talk about the truth, he's just making up. Well, you know, I have to mention the rumors because they are relevant, because, of course, these people are really good at hiding everything that they do. We know the energetic nature of them. And so it's not a surprise. I know firsthand many women, I have spoken with many women who have been abused in Thelema. And what happens is, and I'm going to talk about the Thelemic rape culture very soon, but the mockery of femininity is very central, and the use of drugs is very central for bringing these women into the cult. So let's talk about that, because they go hand in hand. There is a rape culture within Thelema. I mean, a real rape culture. I'm not talking about, like, the feminist rape culture thing. I mean, like, there is a real rape culture within Thelema. I guess you're going to have to take my word for some of it, because I've spoken with many women who have been involved in Thelma, who have been exposed to this. And knowing the nature of this cult, it doesn't surprise me. But basically there are people in Thelma who are high up in Thelema, who are party to the fact that women are given high doses of psychedelic drugs. Thelema, commonly as part of a ritualistic initiation where you are breaking down the ego as much as possible. Because of course the ego is evil. It's something that should be discarded. It's getting in the way of our meeting with the beautiful Holy Guardian angel. So we've got to get rid of that ego. We've got to strip it down. Well, of course we have to strip down a woman's ego because what led to Yahweh's failure in the Garden of Eden, a woman's ego, Lilith, led to his downfall. And so we've got to strip the woman of her ego. And we do this in every way possible. And one way is through drugs. Now, of course, Crowley loved to give drugs to women. He loved to strip women of their ego and make them brain dead zombies, essentially. And this is just all part of the mock, the mockery of the divine feminine. And so what you have is this basically grooming cult where these women are passed on through the hierarchy until they reach the point of scarlet woman or they're just discarded. But along the way, any of the sexual rituals that are conducted, the sex magic that is conducted within this cult is done so to degrade the woman, to enslave the woman, entrap the woman and keep them within the culture. It's a lot like Mormonism. It's very, very creepy. And of course the drugs have always been a very important aspect because Crowley utilized drugs very much like an agori, but more like a Yahweh Aghori, where the idea is that you utilize as many drugs as possible in order to get yourself in connection with oneness and to lose any ability to discern between things, to discern between the material and within. This you also have that occulted homosexuality, misogynistic homosexuality, where I know firsthand that there are homosexual men within Thelema who utilize women in sex magic. And, and this is just part of this weird self denial, not being able to represent their, their sexuality in any healthy way, in any outward expression. It's I, it's definitely not Satanic and I'm going to talk about that in just a moment. But it is wrong to call Crowley satanic because absolutely nothing about Thelema or Crowley or any of the other Cults that he was involved in is satanic. In fact, it's quite the opposite. So let's talk about that. Let's talk about Thelma's use of other cults, the pillaging of paganism. Because this is a very, very insidious thing that is occurring within. Within Thelma continues to occur. So Thelemites love to say that Crowley's magic is the oldest magic because it's from Egypt. Of course, it's not from Egypt, it's from Yahweh. And what the Thelemites do is they try and insert themselves in every occult organization you can imagine. There are Thelemites in Asatru, there are Thelemites in Masonry, there are Thelemites everywhere. I don't think there's a Thelemite in this school unless somebody's hiding something from me. Not like an active Thelemite. But Thelema is very, very much in the tradition of Christianity, where there's an immigration to an area. You take all of the occulted aspects, you take all the symbols of the folk traditions, and then you re present them and you say, okay, well, yeah, this thing existed before Thelema, technically. But ultimately Thelema is the oldest thing because we draw our lineage all the way back to the fucking pyramids. And of course, this is just bullshit. This is just cherry picking the things that they want to use in order to attract people. It's part of gaining power. They utilize this false connection to the Egyptian cult to entice people who are once again well meaning. And they want to have a connection to that which is ancient because they are attracted to what is ancient and rightfully so. But if you understand the energetic nature of Thelema, you'll know that there is no pagan element within Thelema. It is anti pagan, it is anti satanic, it is anti folk. And it should be absolutely rejected by all people in Asatru. It should be rejected by all Hellenistic pagans. It should just be thrown into the dustbin of history. It's time for Thelema to end. It's time for Crowley's influence to end. We need to proudly state that we are black magicians. We need to proudly state that we reject Crowley. We reject all influence of him. We reject all influence of Thelema. And we work in a brotherhood with the demonic. We don't work to enslave the demonic. We are not little children of Yahweh, the lesser banishing ritual, which is the ultimate insult to our gods, to the Aryan gods, because it is to say that we will ask the help of our gods. We will ask for things to be given to us by our gods, but we will not invite them into our home. We will not invite them into our life. We will expel them completely. It's like inviting your cousin over to your house for dinner so that you can ask him for 500 bucks and he gives you the money and you say, okay, now fuck off, and you kick his ass out the door. That is the Lesser Banishing Ritual, and of course it has its roots in Yahweh's demonic expulsion. So every time you perform the Lesser Banishing Ritual, you are performing a baptism, you are throwing out the Aryan spirit and you're drawing in the Holy Guardian Angel. You're bringing him ever closer to you until finally you are totally overtaken. If you've seen the eyes of a Thelemite who's been taking DMT and hanging out with fucking Lon Milo Diquet. If you've seen the eyes of a man like that, that motherfucker's in the crown. That motherfucker ain't ever coming down. He is totally demonically. Or, sorry, not demonically, he is totally, let me make this clear, angelically possessed. Totally possessed by Yahweh. And he ain't ever coming back. All he's gonna do is he's gonna go to his fucking meetings, he's gonna go to the fucking orgy where we don't know who's whose dick or pussy belongs to who. It's all one fucking unification. Big goddamn party in heaven where everything dissolves and you gotta keep fucking chasing that dragon with all that DMT until you finally reach that monistic point that is Thelma in a nutshell. I'm glad I could finally inform the world as to what Thelma really is. And I hope you all will now go forward and reject that shit willfully. Do what thou wilt. All right, any questions or comments? You can turn that off now, honey. Thank you. You went full Alex Jones at the end.