The word Aryan is one of the most difficult and confused terms that is often applied in esoteric circles, political circles, anthropological circles. I use the term Aryan myself and I'm often asked the question, what do you mean by Aryan? And so I decided that I should make this video to discuss just exactly what I mean when I use the word Aryan. When most people hear the word Aryan, they think of a race, specifically a biological race, a form of the European people. This is how the term Aryan is typically applied within the right as a self applied definition of racial identity. It's also applied on the left in a critical context when they discuss the idea of Arianism as it was perceived to be applied within, let's say, National Socialist Germany. This is not how I use the term Aryan. I don't apply it as it's applied on the right in terms of a base biological racism or what I would call a vulgar racism. I don't apply the term as it's applied on the left in a critical sense where I'm saying that, yes, this is how Aryanism was defined within the context of, let's say, National Socialist Germany. Because I don't believe that Arianism as it was understood by the Germans is what is represented in the criticism from the left. When I speak of Aryan, I am speaking specifically of a state of consciousness. This state of consciousness, the Aryan spirit, it is accessible by all beings. It is a potentiality. In practicing yoga and the wider system of Tantra, we are exploring consciousness. The Aryan consciousness is one potential expression of a connectedness with the gods. And we see the Aryan spirit in many different cultures. And it's important to understand that these cultures which express an Aryan spirit are not limited to Arya ethnic Europeans. In fact, the original usage of the term Aryan comes from India. And in its application, its original application within ancient India, Aryan referred to a specific spiritual state, a manifestation of identity that was connected to a very heightened level of consciousness wherein the Aryan gained access to the gods and could fully embody the nature of the gods in a dharmic expression. When you hear the term Aryan invasion, okay, that term developed within European society. Whenever the Europeans began to reassess the foundation of Aryan culture, some of them looked to ancient India, and rightfully so, because the Vedic culture is a very early expression of the Aryan spirit. And within the Vedic culture you have the same gods that you find in ancient Scandinavia, in ancient Greece and Rome. In the Slavic nations you have the same gods. For instance, one of the chief gods within the Vedic culture was Indra. Indra was a Thunder God. He fought a serpent deity. You can find the thunder God deity within the Scandinavian tradition in the form of Thor. In the Slavic tradition in the form of Perun, the Greeks had Zeus. So you can find many different manifestations of the Aryan thunder God. And this is just one small example. So getting back to the Aryan invasion, what occurred in India is the movement of Indo Europeans out of the Middle east into Northern Asia, spreading throughout the Western Europe. When the Indo Europeans moved into the Indus Valley, they found a population of Dravidians who had formed essentially a mother cult, a very earthbound and material society. The Indo Europeans were pastoralists and they were very warlike culture and their culture was oriented towards a solar aspect. So when they encountered this Dravidian population, they drove them south, they conquered the Indus Valley and they established the Vedic culture. The people who established the Vedic culture were Indo European. This is a controversial topic within India because a lot of Hindu nationalists want to deny this, but anthropological research has shown that that this did occur. There was an invasion in the Indus Valley, the Indo Europeans brought a Vedic culture into the valley and the Dravidian population was displaced. These, this founding population of the Vedic culture, Germans, at the turn of the 20th century were obsessed with the idea of this being a representation of Aryan culture. And this continued on into the National Socialist age. People like Himmler were very interested in the Aryan aspect of ancient India. And in fact, Himmler even carried a copy of the Bhagavad Gita with him and would often quote from it when giving speeches to the ss. They focused so heavily on the Aryan aspect because Arianism in ancient India was linked with the highest caste, the Brahmin, in order to be considered an Aryan. It wasn't enough just to be in the priest class, you had to embody a certain spirit. You had to gain a connection with the gods so that you could understand a full expression of the gods within the material world. That is the imminent aspect of Arianism. It's the idea that the individual can embody this spirit, this spiritual connection to the gods and the social body. The culture can also be brought up to the point of this Aryan expression. And this whole idea of Arianism, we get it from the ancient Indians. It is probably the best cultural form of an inner connectivity with the gods that we have. And it's important to understand that just because the ancient Indians developed the concept of Arianism doesn't mean that this concept is limited to the Vedic culture. What they were describing, this link to the gods, you can find that in many different cultures. Like I said, you can find it in ancient Scandinavia, the Greeks, Slavic culture, and. And I wrote a little, little mini essay on this recently. But you can find it in Japan as well, the Japanese culture. If you look at the gods of Shinto, they are Aryan in nature. You have all of these reoccurring themes, such as the thunder God who conquers the serpent, which by the way, is a metaphor for achieving transcendence, so that you can take grasp of shakti, or serpent power, and use it in the expression of your will. This is a theme that is present in all great Aryan cultures. And it is a theme that is present in the individual works of single people, individuals, individual egos that have accessed the Aryan spirit. As I said, this spirit is something that exists outside of any ethnic foundation. It exists for itself. And there is a potential for anyone to access that spirit if they apply their will towards accessing the Aryan spirit and if they have the ability to carry their mission out. An example of a non European who I believe possessed the Aryan spirit would be John Coltrane, the jazz musician. Now, that's going to be a very controversial statement within some circles, but if you understand what I mean by Aryan. I'm not saying that John Coltrane was racially Aryan the way it's applied by the right or in critical application by the left. I'm saying that in his music he was able to represent all of these spiritual concepts that are present within all the great Aryan traditions. Specifically, he was able to apply the Apollonian and the Dionysian in the formation of a new musical expression which is reminiscent of the Greek tragedy. So Coltrane's music was very Nietzschean and Nietzsche was very Aryan in spirit. So to make things as simple as possible, and to sum everything up, when I say Aryan, I mean state of consciousness. The Aryan spirit. This is separate from Indo European. These terms are often confused. Indo European is an ethnic and cultural designation. Aryan is spirit also. I want to make it clear that just because I say that the Aryan spirit is accessible by all beings, that does not mean that I am arguing for some type of ethnic universalism where I recognize no difference between race or any type of ethnic expression. As a practitioner of Shaktiism, I recognize material differentiation. I recognize explicit differences between different races of people, and I view this differentiation as an expression of beauty. I am totally opposed to any type of globalism or universalism where this beautiful differentiation is destroyed. I am in favor of the cultivation of this differentiation. I want to preserve the differences between people because I find those differences to be beautiful. That is my dharmic understanding of differentiation. That's not to say that everyone is going to share that opinion, nor should they. There are some people who are dharmically oriented towards universalism and they want to bring everyone together and they want to eliminate the differences between people. And that's perfectly fine because that is their dharmic expression. It's beyond good and evil, just as my opinion is beyond good and evil. But I just wanted to make that clear because I know that whenever I say Arianism is accessible to all beings, there's going to be those who make the argument that I'm some type of universalist or that I want to. That I recognize no differences, material differences between people. And that's just simply not true. All right, well, that's all I have to say about Aryan spirit for now. If you have any questions, please leave a comment. Send me a message. I would love to hear what you all think about this, how you define the Aryan spirit or Arianism in general. And I'd like to also thank you all very much for watching this video. I'll be talking about this subject again in the future. Thank you.